I see your face in my mind as I drive away cause none of us thought it was gonna end that way.
People are people, and sometimes we change our minds but it's killing me to see you go after all this time.
Mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm.
Music starts playin' like the end of a sad movie.
It's the kinda ending you don't really wanna see.
Cause it's tragedy and it'll only bring you down now I don't know what to be without you around.
And we know it's never simple, never easy never a clean break, no one here to save me.
You're the only thing I know like the back of my hand.
And I can't breathe without you.
But I have to breathe without you.
Never wanted this, never wanna see you hurt.
Every little bump in the road I tried to swerve.
People are people, and sometimes it doesn't work out nothing we say is gonna save us from the fall out.
It's two A.M.
Feelin' like I just lost a friend hope you know it's not easy, easy for me.
Hope you know this ain't easy, easy for me ohhh I'm sorry In the heat of the fight I walked away.
Ignoring words that you were saying trying to make me stay.
I said, "This time I've had enough.".
And you've called a hundred times.
But I'm not picking up 'Cause I'm so mad I might tell you that it's over.
But if you look a little closer I said, "Leave," but all I really want is you.
To stand outside my window throwing pebbles screaming, "I'm in love with you.".
Wait there in the pouring rain, come back for more and don't you leave 'cause I know.
All I need is on the other side of the door.
Me and my stupid pride are sitting here alone going through the photographs, staring at the phone.
I keep going back over things we both said and I remember the slamming door and all the things that I misread.
So babe if you know everything, tell me why you couldn't see.
When I left I wanted you to chase after me.
Yeah, I said, "Leave," but all I really want is you and I'll scream out the window.
I can't even look at you I don't need you but I do, I do, I do.
I say, "There's nothing you can say to make this right again I mean it, I mean it.".
What I mean is I said, "Leave," but baby all I want is you.
With your face and the beautiful eyes.
And the conversation with the little white lies.
And the faded picture of a beautiful night you carry me from your car up the stairs.
And I broke down crying, was she worth this mess?
After everything and that little black dress after everything I must confess, I need you.
He is sensible and so incredible and all my single friends are jealous.
He says everything I need to hear and it's like.
I couldn't ask for anything better he opens up my door and I get into his car.
And he says you look beautiful tonight and I feel perfectly fine.
But I miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain.
And it's 2am and I'm cursing your name you're so in love that you act insane.
And that's the way I loved you.
Breakin' down and coming undone.
It's a roller coaster kinda rush.
And I never knew I could feel that much he respects my space.
And never makes me wait.
And he calls exactly when he says he will he's close to my mother.
Talks business with my father.
He's charming and endearing and I'm comfortable.
He can't see the smile I'm faking and my heart's not breaking.
Cause I'm not feeling anything at all.
And you were wild and crazy.
Just so frustrating intoxicating.
Complicated, got away by some mistake and now.
I miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain It's 2am and I'm cursing your name.
I'm so in love that I acted insane.
Breaking down and coming undone and that's the way I loved you oh, oh.
Never knew I could feel that much.
Untouchable like a distant diamond sky, Mmmm.
I'm reaching out and I just can't tell you why I'm caught up in you, I'm caught up in you.
Untouchable, burning brighter than the sun.
And when you're close I feel like coming undone.
In the middle of the night.
When I'm in this dream.
It's like a million little stars spelling out your name.
You gotta come on, come on say that we'll be together.
Come on, come on little taste of Heaven.
It's half full and I won't wait here all day.
I know you're saying that you'll be here anyway but you're untouchable.
Burning brighter than the sun now that you're close I feel like coming undone.
Oh, In the middle of the night waking from this dream.
I wanna feel you by my side standing next to me.
Oh, oh I'm caught up in you.
Oh, oh, oh.
Untouchable burning brighter than the sun come on, come on, oh oh.
Oh, Oh, In the middle of the night like a million little stars, spelling out your name.
You take a deep breath and you walk through the doors It's the morning of your very first day.
You say "Hi" to your friends you ain't seen in a while.
Try and stay out of everybody's way.
It's your freshman year and you're gonna be here.
For the next four years in this town.
Hoping one of those senior boys will wink at you and say.
"You know I haven't seen you around before." 'Cause when you're fifteen and somebody tells you they love you.
You're gonna believe them.
And when you're fifteen.
Feeling like there's nothing to figure out.
Well, count to ten, take it in.
This is life before you know who you're gonna be fifteen you sit in class next to a redhead named Abigail.
And soon enough you're best friends.
Laughing at the other girls who think they're so cool.
We'll be out of here as soon as we can and then you're on your very first date and he's got a car.
And you're feeling like flying and your mamma's waiting up and you're thinking he's the one.
And you're dancing 'round your room when the night ends.
When the night ends.
When you're fifteen.
And your first kiss makes your head spin round.
But in your life you'll do things greater than dating the boy on the football team but I didn't know it at fifteen.
When all you wanted was to be wanted.
Wish you could go back and tell yourself what you know now back then I swore I was gonna marry him someday.
But I realized some bigger dreams of mine and Abigail gave everything she had to a boy who changed his mind.
And we both cried.
Don't forget to look before you fall I've found time can heal most anything.
And you just might find who you're supposed to be.
I didn't know who I was supposed to be at fifteen.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Your very first day.
Take a deep breath, girl.
Take a deep breath as you walk through the doors we were both young when I first saw you.
I close my eyes and the flashback starts.
I'm standing there on a balcony in summer air.
See the lights, see the party, the ball gowns.
See you make your way through the crowd and say, "Hello.".
Little did I know.
That you were Romeo, you were throwing pebbles.
And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet.".
And I was crying on the staircase.
Begging you, "Please don't go.".
And I said romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone.
I'll be waiting all that's left to do is run.
You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess.
It's a love story, baby, just say "Yes".
So I sneak out to the garden to see you we keep quiet 'cause we're dead if they knew.
So close your eyes escape this town for a little while.
Oh, oh 'Cause you were Romeo, I was a scarlet letter.
But you were everything to me.
I was begging you, "Please don't go.".
Romeo, save me. They're trying to tell me how to feel this love is difficult but it's real.
Don't be afraid, we'll make it out of this mess I got tired of waiting.
Wondering if you were ever coming around.
My faith in you was fading when I met you on the outskirts of town.
Romeo, save me. I've been feeling so alone.
I keep waiting for you, but you never come Is this in my head? I don't know what to think.
He knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring and said marry me, Juliet, you'll never have to be alone.
I love you, and that's all I really know.
I talked to your dad  go pick out a white dress oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
'Cause we were both young when I first saw you.
All this time I was wasting.
Hoping you would come around.
I've been giving out chances every time.
And all you do is let me down and it's taken me this long.
Baby but I figured you out and you're thinking we'll be fine again.
But not this time around.
You don't have to call anymore.
I won't pick up the phone.
This is the last straw.
Don't wanna hurt anymore and you can tell me that you're sorry.
But I don't believe you baby like I did before.
You're not sorry... no, no, no, no.
You are looking so innocent I might believe you if I didn't know.
Could've loved you all my life If you hadn't left me waiting in the cold.
And you got your share of secrets and I'm tired of being last to know.
And now you're asking me to listen cause it's worked each time before.
But you don't have to call anymore you're not sorry... no, no, no.
You had me crawling for you honey and it never would've gone away, no.
You used to shine so bright but I watched all of it fade.
So you don't have to call anymore.
There's nothing left to beg for.
No, no, no, no this is wrong but I can't help but feel like.
There ain't nothing more right babe.
Misty morning comes again and I can't.
Help but wish I could see your face and I knew from the first note played.
I'd be breaking all my rules to see you you smile that beautiful smile and.
All the girls in the front row scream your name.
So dim that spotlight, tell me things like I can't take my eyes off of you.
I'm no one special, just another wide eyed girl who's desperately in love with you.
Give me a photograph to hang on my wall, superstar good morning loneliness, comes around when I'm not.
Dreaming about you when my world wakes up today.
You'll be in another town and I knew when I saw your face, I'd be.
Counting down the ways to see you.
You played in bars, you play guitar I'm invisible and everyone knows who you are.
And you'll never see, sing me to sleep.
Every night from the radio sweet, sweet superstar, superstar.
Once upon a time.
I believe it was a Tuesday when I caught your eye.
And we caught onto something.
I hold onto the night you looked me in the eye.
And told me you loved me were you just kidding?
'Cause it seems to me, this thing is breaking down we almost never speak.
I don't feel welcome anymore baby, what happened, please tell me?
'Cause one second it was perfect, now you're half way out the door and I stare at the phone.
He still hasn't called and then you feel so low you can't feel nothing at all.
And you flashback to when he said forever and always.
Oh, and it rains in your bedroom everything is wrong.
It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone.
'Cause I was there when you said forever and always was I out of line?
Did I say something way too honest?
Made you run and hide.
Like a scared little boy?
I looked into your eyes.
Thought I knew you for a minute, now I'm not so sure so here's to everything.
Coming down to nothing here's to silence.
That cuts me to the core.
Where is this going?
Thought I knew for a minute, but I don't anymore.
And then you feel so low, you can't feel nothing at all you didn't mean it, baby.
I don't think so back up, baby, back up.
Did you forget everything?
'Cause it rains in your bedroom.
Oh, I stare at the phone.
And then you feel so low.
You can't feel nothing at all.
And you flashback to when we said forever and always and it rains in your bedroom.
You said forever and always... yeah morning loneliness, comes around when I'm not.
And you'll never see, you sing me to sleep I'm five years old.
It's getting cold I've got my big coat on.
I hear your laugh.
And look up smiling at you I run and run.
Past the pumpkin patch and the tractor rides.
Look now -- the sky is gold.
I hug your legs and fall asleep on the way home.
I don't know why all the trees change in the fall I know you're not scared of anything at all.
Don't know if Snow White's house is near or far away.
But I know I had the best day.
With you today I'm thirteen now.
And don't know how my friends could be so mean.
I come home crying and you hold me tight and grab the keys.
And we drive and drive until we've found a town.
Far enough away.
And we talk and window-shop until I've forgotten all their names.
I don't know who I'm gonna talk to.
Now at school.
I know I'm laughing on the car ride home with you.
Don't know how long it's gonna take to feel okay.
I have an excellent father his strength is making me stronger.
God smiles on my little brother Inside and out.
He's better than I am I grew up in a pretty house.
And I had space to run.
And I had the best days with you there is a video.
I found from back when I was three you set up a paint set in the kitchen.
And you're talking to me It's the age of princesses and pirate ships.
And the seven dwarfs.
Daddy's smart and you're the prettiest lady in the whole wide world.
Now I know why all the trees change in the fall I know you were on my side.
Even when I was wrong and I love you for giving me your eyes.
Staying back and watching me shine and I didn't know if you knew.
So I'm taking this chance to say.
That I had the best day.
Hey, Stephen I know looks can be deceiving.
But I know I saw a light in you.
And as we walked we were talking.
I didn't say half the things I wanted to.
Of all the girls tossing rocks at your window.
I'll be the one waiting there even when it's cold boy, you might have me believing.
I don't always have to be alone.
'Cause I can't help it if you look like an angel.
Can't help it if I wanna kiss you in the rain.
So, come feel this magic I've been feeling since I met you can't help it if there's no one else.
I can't help myself.
I've been holding back this feeling so, I got some things to say to you, ha.
I seen it all.
So I thought.
But I never seen nobody shine the way you do.
The way you walk, way you talk, way you say my name It's beautiful, wonderful, don't you ever change.
Why are people always leaving?
I think you and I should stay the same they're dimming the street lights.
You're perfect for me. Why aren't you here tonight?
I'm waiting alone now, so, come on and come out.
And pull me near and shine, shine, shine I could give you fifty reasons.
Why I should be the one you choose.
All those other girls.
Well, they're beautiful but would they write a song for you?
I can't help it if you look like an angel ...if you look like an angel.
Myself can't help myself.
I could go back to every laugh but I don't wanna' go there anymore.
And I know all the steps up to your door.
Talk to the wind, talk to the sky talk to the man with the reasons why.
And let me know what you find.
I'll leave my window open.
'Cause I'm too tired at night to call your name just know I'm right here hopin'.
That you'll come in with the rain.
I could stand up and sing you a song.
But I don't wanna' have to go that far.
And I, I've got you down I know you by heart.
And you don't even know where I start.
Talk to yourself, talk to the tears talk to the man who put you here.
And don't wait for the sky to clear.
Oh, just know I'm right here hopin'.
I've watched you so long screamed your name.
I don't know what else I can say but I'll leave my window open.
'Cause I'm too tired at night for all these games.
You're on the phone with your girlfriend she's upset, she's going off about something that you said.
'Cause she doesn't get your humor like I do I'm in the room, it's a typical Tuesday night.
I'm listening to the kind of music she doesn't like.
And she'll never know your story like I do but she wears short skirts.
I wear t-shirts.
She's cheer captain and I'm on the bleachers.
Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find that what you're looking for has been here the whole time.
If you could see.
That I'm the one.
Who understands you been here all along.
So, why can't you see you belong with me.
Walk in the streets with you in your worn out jeans I can't help thinking this is how it ought to be.
Laughing on a park bench thinking to myself "Hey, isn't this easy?".
And you've got a smile that could light up this whole town.
I haven't seen it in a while since she brought you down.
You say you're fine I know you better than that hey, what you doing with a girl like that?
She wears high heels I wear sneakers.
Standing by and waiting at your backdoor.
All this time how could you not know, baby?
Oh, I remember you driving to my house.
I'm the one who makes you laugh.
When you know you're 'bout to cry.
I know your favorite songs.
And you tell me about your dreams think I know where you belong.
Think I know it's with me.
Can't you see who understands you?
Have you ever thought just maybe you belong with me?
Hey Stephen so come feel this magic I've been feeling since I met you mmm, I can't help myself.
So I've got some things to say to you, ha.
You're perfect for me, why aren't you here tonight?
I'm waiting alone now, so come on and come out and pull me near to shine, shine, shine.
I like the way you sound in the morning we're on the phone and without a warning.
I realize your laugh is the best sound.
I have ever heard I like the way I can't keep my focus.
I watch you talk, you didn't notice I hear the words but all I can think is.
We should be together.
Every time you smile, I smile.
And every time you shine, I'll shine for you whoa, oh, I'm feeling you baby.
Don't be afraid to jump then fall.
Jump then fall into me be there, never gonna leave you.
Say that you wanna be with me too so I'mma stay through it all.
So jump then fall well, I like the way your hair falls in your face.
You got the keys to me.
I love each freckle on your face, oh I've never been so wrapped up, honey.
I like the way you're everything I ever wanted I had time to think it all over.
And all I can say is come closer take a deep breath then jump then fall into me.
Cause Every time you smile, I smile.
The bottom's gonna drop out from under our feet I'll catch you, I'll catch you.
And people say things that bring you to your knees.
I'll catch you.
The time is gonna come when you're so mad you could cry.
But I'll hold you through the night until you smile.
Whoa, oh, I need you baby don't be afraid, please.
Jump then fall, baby.
Jump then fall into me, into me and every time you shine, I shine.
And every time you're here baby I'll show you, I'll show you.
You can Jump then fall, jump then fall jump then fall into me, into me, yeah.
Say you're sorry that face of an angel.
Comes out just when you need it to as I paced back and forth all this time.
'Cause I honestly believed in you holding on the days drag on.
Stupid girl I should have known, I should have known that I'm not a princess, this ain't a fairy tale.
I'm not the one you'll sweep off her feet lead her up the stairwell.
This ain't Hollywood, this is a small town I was a dreamer before you went and let me down.
Now it's too late for you and your white horse to come around maybe I was nave.
Got lost in your eyes.
And never really had a chance.
My mistake, I didn't know to be in love.
You had to fight to have the upper hand I had so many dreams.
About you and me happy endings now I know.
And there you are on your knees begging for forgiveness, begging for me.
Just like I always wanted but I'm so sorry 'Cause I'm not your princess, this ain't a fairytale.
I'm gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me well this is a big world, that was a small town.
There in my rear view mirror disappearing now.
And it's too late for you and your white horse now it's too late for you and your white horse to catch me now.
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Try and catch me now.
Oh, it's too late to catch me now.
Baby, I'm never gonna leave you 'Cause I'mma stay through it all.
Cause every time you smile, I smile when people say things that bring you to your knees.
And every time you shine, I'll shine.
You looked me in the eye and told me you loved me.
Were you just kidding cause it seems to me this thing is breaking down, we almost never speak.
Baby, what happened, please tell me cause one second it was perfect.
Now you're half way out the door and you flashback to.
When he said forever and always It rains when you're here.
And it rains when you're gone.
I was there when you said forever and always made you run and hide like a scared little boy.
Thought I knew you for a minute now I'm not so sure so here's to everything coming down to nothing.
Here's to silence that cuts me to the core thought I knew for a minute but I don't anymore.
You didn't mean it baby.
I don't think so, oh oh oh.
Back up, baby back up please back up, oh back up.
Cause it rains in your bedroom when we said forever and always.
You said forever and always, yeah you're not sorry, no no oh.
Looking so innocent.
You're not sorry, no no, oh.
You're not sorry no no oh you had me crying for you honey.
There's somethin' 'bout the way.
The street looks when it's just rained there's a glow off the pavement.
You walk me to the car and you know I wanna ask you to dance right there.
In the middle of the parking lot yeah oh yeah we're drivin' down the road.
I wonder if you know I'm tryin' so hard not to get caught up now.
But you're just so cool run your hands through your hair.
Absent-mindedly makin' me want you and I don't know how it gets better than this.
You take my hand and drag me head first fearless and I don't know why but with you I'd dance in a storm in my best dress.
So, baby, drive slow 'Til we run out of road in this one horse town.
I wanna stay right here in this passenger's seat.
You put your eyes on me In this moment now capture it, remember it.
'Cause I don't know how it gets better than this well, you stood there with me in the doorway.
My hands shake.
I'm not usually this way.
But you pull me in and I'm a little more brave It's the first kiss.
It's flawless really something It's fearless oh-oh I took a chance, I took a shot and you might think i'm bulletproof, but i'm not.
You took a swing, I took it hard.
And down here from the ground I see who you are.
I'm sick and tired of your attitude I'm feeling like I don't know you.
You tell me that you love me then you cut me down and I need you like a heartbeat.
But you know you got a mean streak.
Makes me run for cover when you're around.
And here's to you and your temper.
Yes, I remember what you said last night.
And I know that you see what you're doing to me.
Tell me why.
You could write a book on how to ruin someone's perfect day.
Well I get so confused and frustrated forget what i'm trying to say, oh.
I'm sick and tired of your reasons I got no one to believe in.
You tell me that you want me, then push me around.
Here's to you and your temper.
Why..do you have to make me feel small so you can feel whole inside.
Why..do you have to put down my dreams.
So you're the only thing on my mind you tell me that you want me then cut me down.
I've got no one to believe in you ask me for my love then you push me around.
Why, tell me why I take a step back, let you go.
I told you i'm not bulletproof.
Now you know and its a sad picture.
The final blow hits you.
Somebody else gets what you wanted again.
And you know its all the same another time and place.
Repeating history and youre getting sick of it but I believe in whatever you do.
And Ill do anything to see it through.
Because these things will change can you feel it now?
These walls that they put up to hold us back will fall down.
This revolution, the time will come.
For us to finally win.
And well sing hallelujah, well sing hallelujah.
So weve been outnumbered raided and now cornered.
Its hard to fight when the fight aint fair were getting stronger now.
Find things they never found they might be bigger.
But were faster and never scared.
You can walk away, say we dont need this but theres something in your eyes says we can beat this.
'Cause these things will change.
And well sing hallelujah, we'll sing hallelujah tonight we'll stand, get off our knees.
Fight for what weve worked for all these years and the battle was long, its the fight of our lives.
But well stand up champions tonight.
It was the night things changed can you see it now?
These walls that they put up to hold us back fell down this revolution, throw your hands up.
'Cause we never gave in and we'll sing hallelujah, we sang hallelujah.
Hallelujah 'Cause none of us thought it was gonna end that way.
'Cause it's tragedy and it'll only bring you down never a clean break. No one here to save me.
Nothing we say is gonna save us from the fallout.
It's two AM.
I can't breathe without you I wear T-shirts.
Walk in the streets with you in your worn-out jeans.
Untouchable like a distant diamond sky I'm caught up in you.
It's half full, and I won't wait here all day I know you're saying that you'd be here anyway.
But you're untouchable, burning brighter than the sun and now that you're close I feel like coming undone.
Oh, in the middle of the night.
I'm caught up in you. Oh, oh.
Come on, come on, oh, oh come on, come on, come on.
Like a million little stars I hug your legs.
And fall asleep.
And don't know how my friends could be so mean.
I come home crying.
And you hold me tight and grab the keys.
And we talk and window-shop 'Til I've forgotten all their names.
I don't know who I'm gonna talk to now at school.
Inside and out he's better than I am there is a video I found from back when I was three.
You set up a paint set in the kitchen and you're talking to me It's the age of princesses and pirate ships and the seven dwarfs.
And Daddy's smart and you're the prettiest lady in the whole wide world.
And now I know why all the trees change in the fall.
I know you were on my side even when I was wrong.
For staying back and watching me shine Ill leave my window open.
Cause Im too tired at night to call your name.
Just know Im right here hopin.
That youll come in with the rain.
But I dont wanna have to go that far and I, Ive got you down.
And you dont even know where I start.
And dont wait for the sky to clear cus Im too tired at night to call your name.
Oh, just know Im right here hopin.
Ive watched you so long I dont know what else I can say.
But Ill leave my window open cus Im too tired at night for all these games.
But I dont wanna go there anymore and you might think I'm bulletproof, but I'm not.
Forget what I'm trying to say, oh.
Whydo you have to make me feel small.
Whydo you have to put down my dreams.
I told you I'm not bulletproof last Christmas I gave you my heart.
But the very next day, you gave it away.
This year, to save me from tears.
I'll give it to someone special once bitten and twice shied.
I keep my distance but you still catch my eye tell me baby.
Do you recognize me.
Well, it's been a year, it doesn't surprise me.
Merry Christmas, I wrapped it up and sent it with a note saying 'I love you', I meant it.
Now I know what a fool I've been but if you kiss me now, I know you'd fool me again.
A crowded room and friends with tired eyes.
I'm hiding from you and your soul of ice.
My God, I thought you were someone to rely on me, I guess I was a shoulder to cry on.
A face on a lover with a fire in his heart.
A girl on a cover but you tore her apart maybe this year.
Maybe this year I'll give it to someone special cause last Christmas I gave you my heart.
And last Christmas.
And this year It won't be anything like, anything like.
Santa baby, slip a sable under the tree for me.
I've been an awful good girl, Santa baby so hurry down the chimney tonight.
Santa baby, a '54 convertible, too, light blue.
Well, I'll wait up for you, dear, Santa baby.
So hurry down the chimney tonight, yeah think of all the fun I've missed.
Think of all the boys I haven't kissed next year I could be just as good.
If you check off my Christmas list.
Santa baby, I want a yacht and really that's not a lot.
I've been an angel all year, Santa baby.
Santa, honey, there's one more thing I really do need the deed to a platinum mine, Santa honey.
Come and trim my Christmas tree with some decorations bought at Tiffany's.
I really do believe in you let's see if you believe in me.
Santa baby, forgot to mention one little thing.
A ring and I don't mean on the phone, Santa baby.
What if ribbons and bows didn't mean a thing?
Would the song still survive without five golden rings?
Would you still wanna kiss without mistletoe?
What would happen if God never let it snow?
What would happen if Christmas carols told a lie?
Tell me what would you find you'd see that today holds something special.
Something holy, not superficial so here's to the birthday boy who saved our lives.
It's something we all try to ignore and put a wreath up on your door.
So here's something you should know that is for sure christmas must be something more.
What if angels did not pay attention to all the things that we wished they would always do?
What if happiness came in a cardboard box?
Then I think there is something we all forgot what would happen if presents all went away?
We get so caught up in all of it.
Business and relationships.
Hundred mile an hour lives and it's this time of year.
And everybody's here.
It seems the last thing on your mind.
Is that the day holds something special.
Something holy, not superficial?
So here's to Jesus Christ who saved our lives.
But here's something you should know that is for sure.
Christmas must be something there's gotta be more.
Santa baby, slip a sable under the tree, for me I've been an awful good girl, santa baby.
Well I'll wait up for you, dear, santa baby I've been an angel all year, santa baby.
Santa, honey, there's one more thing I really do need, the deed.
To a platinum mine, santa honey and I don't mean on the phone, santa baby.
Please take down the misletoe.
Cause I don't wanna think about that right now cause everything I want is miles away.
In a snow covered little town.
My momma's in the kitchen, worrying about me season's greetings, hope you're well.
Well I'm doing alright If you were wondering.
Lately I can never tell.
I know this shouldn't be a lonely time but there were Christmases when you were mine.
I've been doing fine without you, really up until the nights got cold.
And everybody's here, except you, baby.
Seems like everyone's got someone to hold but for me it's just a lonely time.
Cause there were Christmases when you were mine merry Christmas everybody.
That'll have to be something I just say this year.
I'll bet you got your mom another sweater.
And were your cousins late again.
When you were putting up the lights this year.
Did you notice one less pair of hands.
But there were Christmases when I didn't wonder how you are tonight you were mine.
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas.
Just like the ones I used to know.
Where the tree tops glisten and children listen.
To hear sleigh bells in the snow.
With every Christmas card I write.
May your days be merry and bright.
And may all your Christmases be white so may your days be merry and bright.
Silent night, holy night.
All is calm and all is bright.
Round yon virgin mother and child.
Holy infant so tender and mild sleep in heavenly peace.
Shepherds quake at the sight.
Glories stream from Heaven afar heavenly hosts sing halleluia.
Christ the savior is born christ our savior is born.
Son of God love's pure light.
Radiant beams from thy holy face.
With the dawn of redeeming grace jesus Lord at thy birth.
Halleluia! heavenly hosts sing hallelujah.
Hallelujah! this year to save me from tears once bitten and twice shy.
Tell me, baby, do you recognize me?
With a note saying 'I love you'. I meant it but if you kissed me now, I know you'd fool me again.
Me? I guess I was a shoulder to cry on.
'Cause last Christmas I gave you my heart my name's Gracie.
I'll be five in May kinda scared 'cause.
I never been on a plane.
My mama says that it'll be alright 'Cause I'm gunna see my daddy tonight.
And she says that.
There's a whole a lot of good people in Heaven.
An' I don't wanna get there too soon and I know there's a God because I met him.
And I see it when I'm looking at you.
There ain't no accidents in what we do my name's Heather.
Guess we're on the same flight.
Don't mind Gracie she could talk to you all night.
She's finally well enough to travel.
doctor says she's in the clear.
She's been in and out of hospital.
Since the beginning of the year and there's a whole a lot of good people in Heaven.
But none of us want to get there too soon.
James T. Johnson that's her daddy's name.
He's been overseas.
It'll be a year today.
He never talked about being scared over the phone.
He just said me and Gracie will come and take him on and I don't wanna get there too soon.
And the people that we meet.
As we go through the rain there are no accidents in what we do.
I think you fell off of your cloud today.
You didn't see it coming or did you.
You tried to please everybody.
But the sweet breeze swept you away.
The sun goes down on a good day tomorrow is still an unknown.
You think you're all alone in this place I think you're crazy 'cause I still love you baby.
Oh don't fade away baby.
Blowing in the wind is getting harder to do don't count the days as they leave you.
Count them as you find a day new don't fade away.
Never fade hard to breathe, nobody knows it's you.
Somebody blows your candle out you wore a mask, now that's broken too.
Everybody else was everything to you you think everybody wants a fight.
I think you fell out of the sky today.
I think you know it's true.
You've seen the world, now all you see is me tell me now baby what are you gonna do.
Im a laid back t-shirt, blue jean, mood ring.
Kinda girl hey yeah whats the word on you.
Lay low Im a mission rebel angel devil little left of the middle.
Sometimes I get temperamental but here I am an open book.
Turn the page its all the rage get a look on the inside.
Oh what you get is what you see.
Baby you hold the key to the diary of me.
Im poetry, complicated.
Simply stated hey yeah baby how about you.
I was born free.
Im a cell phone hippie are you with me?
When I mess up I dont get up I just get down yeah.
Its raining on Sunday.
Theres nothing on TV yesterday was lonely.
Youre the only one who gets me my mind is like an island.
Drifting through the ocean I cant stop thinking about you.
I bet youre thinking of me too.
Well here I am an open book yeah here I am an open book.
I like my music loud.
I like my windows down so I can scream.
I like my trucks a little bigger than the rest.
So I can see.
Dont try me dont fight me.
You be you and Ill be me.
They say Ive always known what I wanted.
My friends and enemies.
Will tell you its true you will find out.
I always get it I know what I want.
And it aint you your mum and daddys walls.
Are covered up in pictures of you.
You never met a mirror that you didn't look again into.
So sorry, dont worry Im sure there are so many girls.
Who love you like you do.
And it aint you oh oh baby, dont persuade me.
I know that you aint used to no.
So let me say it real slow.
What I wanted, its true I get what I want.
And they say Ive always known.
And youll will find out Ive been counting days and.
Ive been being patient.
About a little thing called love.
Crossing all my fingers.
Letting my heart linger.
Trying to get some help from up above I dont want to jinx my luck.
Ive left it all behind me.
And Ive been hoping every day.
That someday you will find me.
So I cross my heart and hope for you knock on wood and rope the moon.
Ill pray for you and me and hope Im right and I wait around that old wishing well.
You never know if time will tell I cross my heart and hope for you tonight.
Dreaming of you baby.
Ive been thinking maybe.
There is something I can do cause Ive been on the verge of.
Running around in circles.
Baby all I want is you.
Do you believe in miracles.
Please tell me if youve seen one Id like to know just where to go.
Because I think I need one If you love me, then I love you.
Swear by the freckles on the moon.
And maybe this will be enough.
I'd like to keep you till I'm old.
But if I can't, at least I'll know.
That, baby, perfect have I loved do you remember the stupid things we used to do.
Before September stole me away from you?
The time we got your truck stuck in the creek 'Cause, baby, roads weren't wild enough for you and me.
Saying and maybe this be will be enough I used to see you by the bridge we used to cross.
I found the feeling of trying to get lost.
You would smile that smile that I tried so hard to forget It's hard to light a fire that I still haven't put out yet.
And if you love me, then I love you.
Love was all we knew and faith was growing on the vines.
Words were all we had and for one summer, you were mine.
It was something like a perfect start to.
This love yesterday but now who are you.
I thought I knew.
Your eyes how to know to look right through me It's like you forgot the words you whispered to me.
They weren't true.
It's like it wasn't you could you tell me what did I do.
Because it can't be we're already through.
Did you sell me out for a fool after you held me is that just what you do.
What did you need from me.
Tell me take time to realize I know that people change their minds.
But that was something I wished you would say.
To my face.
But you run away If I had a reason or a simple goodbye.
Baby even a lie yeah Yeah tell me what did I do.
Because baby suddenly we're already through and tell me.
Ooooh Yeah tell Me I was scared of dentists and the dark I was scared of pretty girls and starting conversations.
Oh, all my friends are turning green you're the magician's assistant in their dreams.
Oh, and they come unstuck.
Lady, running down to the riptide.
Taken away to the dark side.
I wanna be your left hand man I love you when you're singing that song and.
I got a lump in my throat because.
You're gonna sing the words wrong.
There's this movie that I think you'll like this guy decides to quit his job and heads to New York City.
This cowboy's running from himself and she's been living on the highest shelf.
I just wanna, I just wanna know.
If you're gonna, if you're gonna stay.
I just gotta, I just gotta know.
I can't have it, I can't have it any other way.
I swear she's destined for the screen closest thing to Michelle Pfeiffer that you've ever seen, oh.
Oh lady, running down to the riptide.
I got a lump in my throat because you're gonna sing the words wrong I know he loved you.
A long time ago.
I ain't jealous of you just thought you should know.
You were never good enough for him or anything like me.
So you might as well sit back 'cause I'm not trying to show maturity.
"X" is the shape I drew through your face In permanent marker.
Oh, yeah just like the mark you knew you were making.
Who do you think you are?
To write on his heart in permanent marker I found that picture.
Of you in that green dress.
Sure had a good time.
Cleaning up that mess.
He found 30 other pieces.
But he'll never find them all tried to tape it back together.
Now he knows to keep it off the wall.
And I don't appreciate you calling him to reminisce.
The only reason is you're seeing how much better off he is.
To write on his heart oh, permanent marker.
Her hair is Harlow gold, her lips sweet surprise.
Her hands are never cold, she's got Bette Davis eyes she'll turn the music on you, you won't have to think twice.
She's pure as New York snow, she got Bette Davis eyes and she'll tease you, she'll unease you.
All the better just to please you she's precocious and she knows just what it takes to make a pro blush.
She got Greta Garbo standoff sighs, she's got Bette Davis eyes she'll let you take her home, it whets her appetite.
She'll lay you on the throne, she got Bette Davis eyes she'll take a tumble on you, roll you like you were dice.
Until you come up blue, she's got Bette Davis eyes.
She'll expose you, when she snows you.
Hope you'll feed with the crumbs she throws you she's ferocious all the boys think she's a spy, she's got Bette Davis eyes.
She'll tease you, she'll unease you just to please you, she's got Bette Davis eyes.
She'll expose you when she snows you she knows you, she's got Bette Davis Eyes.
Let's watch the tide chase.
The waves onto the sand.
I wonder If a broken heart feel the warmth.
On my hand and I wonder.
What a piece of driftwood has seen all through.
His lifetime let's walk away.
The past through the smokey black nights.
I've seen A million things spoke a million words.
Now I only want to speak to you.
Waiting for the words counting every bird.
There's nothing I'd rather do.
On the smokey black nights.
Still throught the haze I can make out constellations I'll make one.
Of you and me as we sit.
In the sand.
And I saw that sunset gleamin.
As my eyes went wild I've played A thousand songs.
Sang a thousand words.
To sing to you waited on a wire.
Starin' at the fire.
I've walked A thousand miles smiled A thousand smiles.
Now I only smile when I'm with you.
So walk with me.
As the sweet wind dances I'll write a song.
For you and me throwing pennies at the fountain.
When you're standing on a mountain It's kinda hard to aim.
But like the trees we cut our names in there must be an explanation.
Guess it didn't given off rain I need reasons why you're leaving.
Well I guess I wished on a plane I thought was a star.
I guess what you wrote on a paper.
Wasn't really from your heart.
Could've sworn you said you loved me.
I guess heard you wrong.
And I guess I wished on a plane and I thought was a star.
Diving off into the deep end honestly believe you'd be there.
When I jumped in.
Is ain't your territory we had the perfect love story.
except ending nothing comes true.
When it comes to you.
And I thought it was a star and I was too cloudy.
It's not my fault I just couldn't see.
I thought it was a star wasn't really in your heart.
It wasn't just like a movie.
The rain didn't soak through my clothes, down to my skin.
I'm driving away and I, I guess you could say this is the last time I'll drive this way again.
When there's nothing to say and I try to grab at the fray.
Cause I, I still love you but I can't bye, bye, to everything I thought was on my side.
Bye, bye, baby.
I want you back but it's coming down to nothing.
And all you have is to walk away.
From the one thing I thought would never leave me, yeah the picture frame is empty.
It's black and white, you're smiling down at me.
I take your photo off the dash and back to the conversation.
I was so sure of everything we thought we'd always have.
I'm lost in the sound of it but here in the now comes in.
Seems like I'm becoming part of your past from the one thing I thought would never leave me.
And there's so much that I can't touch you're all I want but it's not enough this time.
And I can feel you like your slipping through my hands and I'm so scared of how this ends.
From the one thing I thought would never leave me, yeah, yeah there was one thing I knew would never leave me.
Come on, gather 'round, I'm gonna tell you how the fire went out sorry for the inconvenience, I didn't mean to let you down.
We were supposed to be forever but it's too bad you didn't see that to me.
You were the perfect view of misery.
I never talked about the tears I cried all the sleepless nights or the endless fights.
I never talked about the days he called there was something wrong, it was all my fault.
I had it all, what a shame, what a fall now.
But in case you haven't heard the news.
There wasn't much love to lose.
Let's talk about that golden boy that I met on a winter night.
How was I supposed to know that he was just as cold inside he smiled and I smiled, well the camera's in your mind.
And I lied, I swore that everything was fine I never talked about the nights he called.
I know you wanna talk about me.
How I gave up on love so foolishly.
But keep in mind.
I'm still wearing my blue jeans.
No I don't know what you mean I'm still the same girl.
Picking daisies in the field I believe in what I feel.
I've always been the same girl some moments change your life.
This could be one of them I'm just living life and thinking.
Hey this could be fun living in the same world.
Singing little songs at the break of dawn girl.
Sitting on the front porch do do do do do.
Watching what you say girl never blow away girl.
Living in the crazy world I still live in one small town.
But always love to move around still keep diaries that say.
Where I was and did that day some days will change your life.
Yeah this could be one of them my momma stood across the room.
Face to face but never eye to eye recalling words we said.
The battle that we swore we'd never fight.
Breaking pieces off with every lie A tear came to her eye.
And she said.
Don't walk away now.
And don't rip my heart out.
Don't you block me out tonight honey where are you?
And don't hate me for loving you.
He walked around my life.
And made blind.
With every single move he caught me staring at him.
Mad about him.
Little that I knew.
Love is different when you play the fool.
And all I wanna do is say.
Don't you make cry tonight.
Like you always do.
I slammed the door sat on the floor.
Cried into my bed said are you there?
Do you even care?
To cross above my head.
But someone said.
Don't turn away now things are meant to happen like this.
I know it's right for you.
I looked up at the sky.
Face to face and finally.
Eye to eye.
Emily comes home from school grabs onto her daddy's hand.
He says, "Baby girl, what's wrong with you?" she says, "Please, don't make me go back there again.".
She said, "I wish there was some way.
To make them stop it." so he drives down to.
That principles office and says.
"I didn't bring her up so they could cut her down.
I didn't bring her here so they could shut her out.
I live my whole damn life.
To see that little girl's smile so why are tears pouring down that sweet face?
She wasn't brought up that way." emily's home late again.
He sees that boy drive away oh, but something's different this time.
She doesn't have too much to say.
She said, "He tried but there's just some things I won't do.".
And through the tears she said, "I couldn't do that to you." and he said.
"I didn't bring you up.
So he could wear you down.
Take that innocent heart.
And turn it inside out.
To see my little girl's smile.
So don't let nobody take that away.
You weren't brought up that way.".
The phone rings on a rainy night.
Says, "It's officer Tate.".
He said, "Sir, there's been an accident you better come down here right away.
A drunken driver missed an over pass.
And Emily  she's fading fast." he says, "God, I didn't bring her up.
To watch them lay her down.
Nearly killed me the day.
They put her momma in the ground.
Only thing that kept me alive.
Was that little girl's smile.
So please don't take that away.
It won't be easy taking her today he stands over the hospital bed.
Emily opens her eyes I used to rule the world.
Seas would rise when I gave the word now in the morning I sleep alone.
Sweep the streets I used to own I used to roll the dice.
Feel the fear in my enemy's eyes listen as the crowd would sing.
Now the old king is dead! Long live the king!
One minute I held the keys next the doors were closed on me.
And I discovered that my castles stand.
Upon pillars of salt, pillars of sand I hear Jerusalem bells a-ringing.
Roman Cavalry choirs are singing be my mirror, my sword and shield.
My missionaries in a foreign field for some reason I can't explain.
Once you go there was never never an honest word.
But that was when I ruled the world It was a wicked and wild wind.
Blew down the doors to let me in shattered windows and the sound of drums.
People couldn't believe what I'd become revolutionaries wait for my head on a silver plate.
Just a puppet on a lonely string oh who would ever wanna be king?
I know Saint Peter won't call my name the way you look, the way you laugh.
The way you love with all you have there ain't nothing bout you that don't do something for me.
Once I thought that love was something I could never do.
Never knew that I could feel this much but this yearning in the deep part of my heart for you.
Is more than a reaction to your touch.
It's a perfect passion and I can't get enough the way you kiss, The way you cry.
The way you move when you walk by.
There's ain't nothing bout you that don't do something for me.
wahooahoo In my life I've been hammered by some heavy blows that never knocked me off my feet.
All you gotta do is smile at me and down I go and baby it's no mystery why I surrender.
Girl you got everything.
There ain't nothing bout you.
I love your attitude, your rose tattoo, your every thought your smile, you lips and girl the list goes on and on and on.
Your dance, your drive, You make me feel alive the way you talk, the way you tease.
By now I think you see that I drive around this town.
In a Mustang with the top down.
And six running horses under my hood well thats good enough for me.
Dont need the real thing thats just another thing.
For me to try to tame.
Dont know if I could It might just break me.
I thought there for a little while every sunset Id be a riding off with him.
Snap buttons on a denim shirt blue jeans and a little dirt.
Thats the closest youll see me feet hanging out a pickup truck.
Crazy and a little rough running free thats the closest to a cowboy.
Youll see me before I met him.
I was so sane and grounded.
Before he taught me how to lie.
And crawl out the window I learned the dirt roads.
And I got my heart broken.
Cause that cowboy taught me how to cry.
And how to let go It was all a little.
Wonderful and strange but Ill never look.
At a sunset the same night sitting fishing by the river bank.
Swimming in the water tank.
Something about me didn't fit into your perfect world I bet the bluegrass stained your smile.
You should use a darker color when you write on the wall I haven't read it a thousand times.
Maybe if you saw me for a second you would realize honey I was trying so hard.
To talk, walk, think, stop.
Anytime you want me to bend all my rules.
I used to let you choose.
Who you wanted me to be.
This time I'm flying free It's my turn to be me.
You liked the face but you had to replace me.
Inside I saw the walls of me go down.
You can take the girl away from.
Cowboy hats and steel guitars.
She'll still sing the same old songs turned on that radio.
Hey that's when I realized.
It wasn't our song, it was yours.
And in conversation baby I was decoration now I deserve a little bit more than.
Well, she was an American girl raised on promises.
She couldn't help thinking that there was a little more to life somewhere else after all it was a great big world.
With lots of places to run to.
And if she had to die trying.
She had one little promise she was gonna keep.
Oh yeah, all right.
Take it easy baby make it last all night.
She was an American girl.
Well, it was kind of cold that night she stood alone on her balcony.
She could see the cars roll by.
Out on 441 like waves crashing on the beach.
And for one desperate moment there he crept back in her memory.
God, it's so painful.
It's something that's so close but still so far out of reach oh, take it easy now.
He said, "I got me a nice new apartment In a city, wouldn't you have hated that?
I'm getting by with a broken heart you left me with.".
He hangs up the phone and she whispers back missing you like this is such sweet sorrow.
Won't you come back to me?
I'll be here, today and here tomorrow In dark blue Tennessee.
He was lying when he said he moved to L.A.
He's just hiding out on the other side of town.
With his head in his hands and she's just 7 miles away he's staring out the window and puts her picture down saying.
She almost called him on the night that he wrote.
These simple words on his goodbye note.
I... I used to fly.
Didn't matter where I'd been.
'Cause I'd seen the sky.
I wanna tell you why but somehow I know I.
Would break down and cry I know you can't see me here.
But I am not alone.
I'm lying here in invisible arms.
And I won't be alone tonight you... you know I would die.
Before I let them see me see me cry.
Please don't leave tonight.
Oh let me down slowly.
Show me a light oh let me think I'm strong.
Please don't bring me down I need you tonight.
Today was a fairytale.
You were the prince I used to be a damsel in distress.
You took me by the hand and you picked me up at six.
I wore a dress you wore a dark grey t-shirt.
You told me I was pretty.
When I looked like a mess.
Time slows down whenever you're around.
Can you feel this magic in the air?
It must have been the way you kissed me.
Fell in love when I saw you standing there It must have been the way.
You've got a smile that takes me to another planet every move you make everything you say is right.
All that I can say Is now it's getting so much clearer.
Nothing made sense until the time I saw your face yeah yeah but can you feel this magic in the air?
I can feel my heart It's beating in my chest.
Did you feel it?
I can't put this down.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah, oh, oh.
Everybody's waiting everybody's watching even when you're sleeping keep your ey-eyes open.
The tricky thing.
Is yesterday we were just children playing soldiers just pretending dreaming dreams with happy endings.
In backyards, winning battles with our wooden swords.
But now we've stepped into a cruel world.
Where everybody stands and keeps score.
Keep your eyes open everybody's waiting for you to break down.
Everybody's watching to see the fallout.
Even when you're sleeping, sleeping.
So here you are, two steps ahead and staying on guard.
Every lesson forms a new scar.
They never thought you'd make it this far.
But turn around , oh they've surrounded you It's a showdown  and nobody comes to save you now.
But you've got something they don't yeah you've got something they don't.
You've just gotta keep your eyes open.
Keep your ey-eyes.
Keep your feet ready heartbeat steady keep your aim locked.
The night goes dark.
You were what I wanted when I wanted what I just couldn't have you were country lovin' really somethin' for three months and a half.
Everybody said that you were bad news but baby I was betting on you.
So I guess I owe my friends ten dollars and a six pack.
Got myself a big country serving to pay back.
Now I'm gonna have to listen to my mumma's "I told you so" but you weren't even worth all that, ten dollars and a six pack.
I said let them say we're crazy, you said let's go fishing a lot the midnight moon was blazing baby, I was gazing into your eyes.
Everything changed when you took me to town.
Caught you staring every other girl down.
Can't believe the time you lost me can't believe what it cost me.
Cause I owe my friends ten dollars and a six pack.
Got myself a big ol serving to pay back.
I had to listen to my mumma's "I told you so".
You ain't never been through that.
You ain't worth all that, ten dollars and a six pack stumble up the porch step.
You sat down in the car only thirteen blocks across this town.
To get to where you are.
And that dont offer me much time.
To make up my mind.
So I best be driving slow on my way to letting go.
These headlights they just wanna fade off into the night.
But if theyre half as stubborn as me theyll just keep on shining bright.
I aint ever been one to settle like.
The dust does on the dash.
Since the feeling aint strong Ill just move on.
And leave this in my past.
Once you're gone I know your memory'll somehow get the best of me.
So I question everything I do.
Unsure of turning you away wondering love how Ill act today.
Until you find somebody new.
So Ive been holding on way too long.
But not another minute.
I'm gonna miss you bad but.
Cant call it love if you aint in it.
Red light turns to green then back to red again.
I wish there were some other travelers out here to slow my travelling.
Even though the wheel rolled on.
Inside I still dont know.
Oh and it troubles me so wondering love how Ill feel today.
I see you found somebody new and Ive been holding on.
I might miss you bad but your car comes to a rest in the drive.
You open up the door and I see you smile any day now, they're talking war.
I can see the look that's in your eyes.
They're not talking a week or two.
Oh, daddy can I go with you?
You pack a suitcase, take a picture from the wall.
I always knew this time would come when I ask how long you think you're gonna be.
You say, this crazy world's come undone summer's over and leaves begin to fall.
And another winter's on the way.
I knew I wasn't gonna take this very well.
But I'd give anything to have you here today everyday now they're talking war.
& I know this time is like it's never been before.
We're not talking about a week or two there's a plane or a bus leaving Dallas.
I hope you're on it.
If there's a train moving fast down the tracks.
I hope you caught it.
'Cause I swear out there ain't where you outta be.
So catch a ride or catch a cab.
Don't you know that I miss you bad but don't you walk to me.
Baby run cut a path across the blue sky.
Straight in a straight line.
You can't get here fast enough.
Find a truck and fire it up.
Lean on the gas and off the clutch.
Leave Dallas in the dust.
I need you in a rush.
So baby run.
Oh if you ain't got a suitcase get a box.
Or an old brown paper sack.
Pack it light or pack it heavy.
Take a truck, take a Chevy baby just come back.
There's a shortcut to the highway out of town why don't you take it.
Don't let that speed limit slow you down go on and break it.
Baby break it baby run cut a path across the blue sky.
Run to me.
Run oh baby run.
There's a little girl in this little town.
With a little too much heart to go around "Live forever. Never say never.
You can do better," that's what she says her mama named her Lucky on a starlit night.
A rabbit foot in her pocket. She dances in spite of the fact that she's different.
And yet she's the same and she says, "Do do do...".
Lucky you, lucky you.
She sings her little song. She walks along.
A little pathway headed for the skies left to travels, lives they unravel.
"Mind over matter," that's what she says lucky you, lucky you, lucky you.
Maybe she'll sing you "Do do do do." maybe she'll bring you up to the skies.
Honey, she'll love you. Funny how some view angels above you ain't so far away.
She didn't have a reason to go, oh no she didn't have a reason to stay.
Either way she didn't tell anyone about her first ray of sun.
She looked at her keys and found a reason to run and time stands still when you're nowhere bound.
But I understand it somehow.
If I could drive all night would I find my peace of mind?
Would it be a million miles of cold white lies.
And unfamiliar exit signs?
I just drive on by, just south of knowing why I didn't really know her that well.
But I could tell that her smile was only something to hide behind.
She felt so out of touch, cos she just felt too much.
If you don't know what you want nothing's ever enough.
That's where I'm headed right now I don't have a plan, I don't have a map.
I don't even know if I'm ever going back.
I don't have a when and I don't have a where I don't even know if I'll know when I'm there.
But If I could drive all night would I find my peace of mind?
I just drive on by.
I just drive on by, drive on, drive on.
Drive all night.
If I drive on, drive on, drive on.
Drive all night, just south of knowing why.
He's got a nice little life he's gonna live it, but on.
Friday nights he plays that mandolin.
Painted red, and he said It's not the best I know.
But it's mine, I'm gonna make it mine.
People there can't help but care.
About the friendly music of a guy who's getting by from their applause.
He's got a song that moves along.
He's got his local crowd tonight at Angelina's family bar and grill.
He's got his heart on his sleeve.
The songs he plays just living free.
But who knows what goes through his mind.
When he plays a song it brings along everybody saying who's that guy who plays the mandolin... mandolin.
Oh yeah, mandolin got a car, got a scar.
Like everyone he's got a few but.
Everybody loves that mandolin got his problems, bills to pay.
Somehow that boy finds a way through paychecks in tip jars, yeah.
Oh he's the kind of guy who never really wanted fame.
His feet are planted firmly on the ground.
He never wanted people to remember his name.
He never wanted word to get around.
That he found heaven on earth who's that guy who plays the mandolin.
Oh, I'm the guy who plays the mandolin.
Mandolin oh, mandolin do you remember the 28th night of September?
Love was changin' the minds of pretenders or chasin' the clouds away.
Our hearts were ringin'.
In the key bed, our souls were singin' as we danced in the night, remember.
How the stars stole the night away I-I see that you remember.
Ai, ai, dancin' in September.
Ai, ai, never was a cloudy day my thoughts are with you.
Holding hands with your heart to see you don't need blue talk in love, remember.
How we knew that was here to stay.
Now, December found the love that we shared in September.
Only blue talk in love, remember the love that we share today.
Ai, ai, golden dreams were shiny days and there never was a cloudy day.
There never was a cloudy day I remember your bare feet down the hallway.
I remember your little laugh.
Race cars on the kitchen floor, plastic dinosaurs I love you to the moon and back.
I remember your blue eyes looking into mine.
Like we had our own secret club I remember you dancing before bed time.
Then jumping on me, waking me up I can still feel you hold my hand, little man.
And even the moment I knew.
You fought it hard like an army guy remember I leaned in and whispered to you.
Come on baby with me, we're gonna fly away from here you were my best four years.
I remember the drive home when the blind hope turned to crying and screaming "Why?".
Flowers pile up in the worst way, no one knows what to say about a beautiful boy who died.
And it's about to be Halloween you could be anything you wanted if you were still here.
I remember the last day when I kissed your face and whispered in your ear.
Out of this curtained room in this hospital grey, we'll just disappear.
What if I'm standing in your closet trying to talk to you?
What if I kept the hand-me-downs you won't grow into?
And what if I really thought some miracle would see us through?
What if the miracle was even getting one moment with you?
Your beautiful eyes.
Stare right into my eyes and sometimes I think of you late at night.
I don't know why.
i want to be somewhere where you are I want to be where.
You're here, You're eyes are looking into mine.
So baby, make me fly my heart has never felt this way before.
I'm looking through your.
I'm looking through your eyes.
I wake up, I'm alive.
In only a little while... I'll cry cause you're my lullaby.
SO baby come hold me tight cause I-I I want to be everything you need.
Just as long as you're mine.
I'll be your everything tonight let me love you, kiss you.
Oh baby let me miss you.
Let me see your.
Dream about dream about your eyes.
Eyes, Eyes...Beautiful eyes here I am, once again.
In your driveway, thinking I should be leaving I should go but it's so entertaining watching you breathing.
You went and got to me like the stupid song on the radio that you try to forget.
But it sticks in your head.
So goodbye, it's not goodnight cause I'll be seeing you in my dreamin'.
Boy, you got me like a shot to the heart.
Got me shakin' so bad, spilled my coffee in the car.
Caught a red light I ran right through.
Gotta call my friends, tell them all about you always looking like a one of those nights.
When you're thinkin' about a kiss 'til the morning light you got me, you do.
In a daze, pull the shades.
Close my eyes and picture you at my window.
I relax I go back to all the things you said.
That only I know gotta call my all my friends, tell them all about you.
I run right out to my car.
And I pull out the drive.
It's only been ten minutes.
But I have to see you one more time.
Cause you got me like a shot to the heart got me shakin' so bad, I spilled my coffee in the car.
And it's looking like a one of those nights.
Oh, you got me, you do.
We used to walk along the street when the porch lights were shining bright.
Before I had somewhere to be.
Back when we had all night and we were happy.
I do recall a good while back.
We snuck into the circus.
You threw your arms around my neck back when I deserved it.
When it was good baby It was good baby.
We showed 'um all up no one could touch the way we.
Laughed in the dark talking 'bout your daddy's farm.
We were gonna buy someday we used to watch the sun go down.
On the boats in the water that's sorta how I feel right now.
And Goodbye's so much harder 'Cause we were happy.
Oh, I hate those voices.
Telling me I'm not in love anymore but they don't give me choices.
And that's what these tears are for we Were Happy.
And you were gonna marry me.
When we were happy.
Yeah, We were were happy oh-oh, oh-oh-oh we Were happy.
I wake up, I stretch out I wonder what you're doing right now.
Yeah, I slept in my makeup again.
Tell myself I must be crazy thinking about him.
I find myself something decent to wear take the towel out of my hair.
About that time, you call me and I'm reminded, without you I'd be.
A stranger in an all night diner.
Waiting for her love to find her lonely like a harbor line.
Thats never seen a boat just like a line in an old love letter.
No one wrote I go to work, work all day.
I'm a walking tape recorder of everything you say walk to my car, dig out my keys.
Start thinking if you were with anyone but me there you are, on the street.
Standing there all waiting on me.
Yeah, I show you, my new shoes.
You say you love em, and baby without you.
I'd be wonder what you're doing right now on a crowded highway.
Through a night alone.
I was barely breathing.
I was crawling home.
Well, it's quite not London or the south of France.
Or an Asian Island or a second chance.
Going back to Nashville thinking 'bout the whole thing.
Guess you gotta run sometimes maybe I'm a fast train.
Blowin' through a valley.
Watching all my life go by.
You're a distant memory you're an exit sign.
I was talking crazy on the drivers side.
And I know I hurt you but I can't confess.
Was that blood or a wine stain on your wedding dress.
Blowing through a mountain laughing at a bad break.
What's the use of wondering why?
Maybe I'm a storm front blowing through a valley.
Tearing up a good July.
And its safe and warm where nothing ever happens.
Could it be so hard.
To realign a star or two change a southern night for you.
Thinking bout the whole thing blowing though a valley.
I'm going back to Nashville.
Blowing through the valley.
Going back to Naaaaahh hit the ground, hit the ground, hit the ground, oh oh.
Only sound, only sound that you hear is "No".
You never saw it coming slipped when you started running.
And now you've come undone and I, I, I, I seen you fall, seen you crawl on your knees, eh eh.
Seen you lost in a crowd, seen your colors fade wish I could make it better.
Someday you won't remember.
This pain you thought would last forever and ever.
There you'll stand, ten feet tall I will say, "I knew it all along.".
Your eyeswider than distance this lifesweeter than fiction.
Just a shot, just a shot in the dark, oh oh all you got, all you got are your shattered hopes.
They never saw it coming.
You hit the ground running and now you're onto something, I, I, I say.
What a sight, what a sight when the light came on.
Proved me right, proved me right when you proved them wrong and in this perfect weather.
It's like we don't remember.
The rain we thought would last forever and ever.
There you'll stand, next to me.
All at once, the rest is history this lifesweeter than fiction, fiction.
I'll be one of the many saying.
"Look at you now, look at you now, now.".
"You made us proud, you made us proud, proud.".
And when they call your name.
and they put your picture in a frame.
You know that I'll be there time and again.
'Cause I loved you when, when you only sound, only sound that you heard was "No".
Now in this perfect weather there you'll stand next to me.
It's sweeter than fiction.
It's sweeter, yeah.
It's sweeter than, sweeter sweeter than fiction.
I know we've got a lot to say between now and forever.
But I'd be a game if you would play.
And not dare this to get better.
So all throughout the day you smile and walk away.
All I can think to do Is follow you.
If you ever leave I'll be crawling back for more.
If you ever need love I'm standing at your door I'll be sick inside if baby you would be my cure.
Wherever you think I am tonight.
Just know we're miles from a heartbreak.
Because in the blink of one pretty brown eye I'll be right where you are baby.
Sometime along the way you took my breath away.
Distracted by the view.
I fall right into you.
And if you ever need love I'm standing at your door.
They say I need to see all the people out there waiting.
But you take one look at me.
And I know the mistake I'd be making 'Cause if you ever leave I'll be crawling back for more.
And if you ever need my love I'm standing at your door I know we've got a lot to say between now and forever.
Time is passing slowly for the eight-year-old next door.
But mama's watch is ticking off the wall jillian and Bobby think that they're a perfect pair.
The girls could say he's just a bit too tall.
You don't have to do to win big you just have to think it.
Some folks say the glass is half full others choose to drink it.
Some say the grass could be greener and the other side ain't far away.
But I say the old could be newer.
And love still counts when it doesn't stay some say, "I love you".
Some say love needs proof.
It's all in your point of view.
He hated pink, so she threw out her favorite clothes his NFL was turned to TLC.
Baby's got an attitude and thinks they just don't know.
But they all do and wish that she could see.
In the least, a masterpiece.
Depends on one's opinion.
Worst of all, they never call.
But don't think that they weren't wishing.
Point of view.
What do you say, when you just know.
That he's the one, and you wanna go fast but he's taking it slow.
And what do you do, when he's next to you but he's a little bit shy.
Well here's something you can try hey, hey what do you say.
We go walking down the river all together It's a warm May beautiful day.
And I feel like I could talk to you forever.
With the sun shining bright It feels just like a day.
When everything's gonna go just right I know it will be a sweet memory.
For you and me someday what do you say?
What do you see, when you look in his eyes there's something there.
That he can't disguise no matter how he tries.
And what do you feel, when you know its real and you can't sit still.
If you don't own up will yeah my imagination's running away.
Just dreaming about.
What I want you to say beneath the chandelier of stars and atmosphere.
Tangled like the roots on the ground.
The windows opened up.
The wind is blowing and we're both not making a sound Its like Im melting on into you.
Give me a reason why we should ever move.
and youll never leave me.
and Im not crazy and.
This is really happening that this is really happening.
Could this be better?
You write me letters.
So you see me everyday.
You tend to treat me like my name is up in lights.
It really blows me away lock me up in a dark room.
And I still cant take my eyes off you all those kisses up against your car.
For all those wishes on planes.
We thought were stars memories like photographs.
Oh Baby,Here we are.
Oh,This is really happening oh,Oh,Baby youll always need me.
That I drive you crazy.
And this is really happening.
Oh,that this is really happening.
Tell me,Oh Isn't it funny how many times we can say we drawn the line, cross it out, turn the page.
And moved on.
That's what we thought but here I am in the same old car.
Having myself another same old brown-eyed bar uh oh, uh oh.
I won't tell nobody.
I won't tell my friends we'll just drive down this road till the one we're on ends.
And we'll tell each other things like I need you.
You and me.
Baby this is what we do I may see.
There are people you just come back to.
So fall back on me fall back on you.
You always let someone come in between your talking round the truth and never say what we mean.
Look at all this wasted time I won't tell my friend.
We'll just drive down this road and pray it doesn't end.
And we'll tell each other things, like I love you.
There are people who you come back to maybe we'll last.
Maybe we won't maybe we'll stop talking and I'll haunt you like a ghost.
But just, baby, get along with me.
There are people that you come back too fall back on me.
Baby I'll fall back on you.
Fall back on me baby I live down the street in a broken down house.
And a car up on blocks in the driveway.
The moment we meet, there was never a doubt that we won't forget this Sunday.
It starts with a smile, and we walk a few miles and it all leads to this - our first kiss.
All my friends are saying.
Girl, what are you thinking?
You're better off.
you're better off without him.
Find yourself another.
Girl, that boy is trouble.
You're better off, you're better off they can talk forever, they just don't know better.
We drive around town in a rusty old truck.
Somehow it feels like we're flying don't wanna come down.
But they make it so tough 'Cause everyone we know is trying.
To push us apart hide it down in our hearts and they get what they want cause you're gone.
Girl, why are you crying?
You're better off, you're better off without him.
You come to my door.
In the pouring rain.
We know what we don't have to say you hand me a rose and a note that says.
We don't have to do things their way.
Well, they can talk forever, they just don't know better.
Here you are now fresh from your war.
Back from the edge of time and all that you were.
Stripped to the bone I thought you'd want to know.
That when you feel the world is crashing all around your feet.
Come running headlong into my arms breathless I'll never judge you.
I can only love you come now running headlong.
Into my arms.
Lay down your guns too weak to run.
Nothing can harm you here your precious heart.
Broken and scarred.
Somehow you made it through.
I only ask that you won't go again when you feel the world is crashing.
I'm so glad to see you smiling.
So good to hear your laugh I think that you've found you even.
Missed yourself I'm only asking this because I think that.
Truth be told.
Oh, you'll never go again again look at you.
Look at me look at who we could be.
I wanna know who you are what you want from the stars.
And every time I look at you I can hardly say a thing.
My head starts to spin and it hits me then I love you.
And every time you look at me I could go crazy but I don't.
Say it but I won't 'Cause I'd rather be alone than lose you.
And all I really wanna do is be next to you but I'm too tired to fight.
And I could tell you now but baby, never mind.
All the time.
Everyday there's nothing I can do, baby, to make it go away.
So look at you.
And look at me and think of who we could be.
But every time I look at you I can hardly say a thing.
All I really wanna say is I need you, babe but how could you understand?
What happens if you turn away and everything turns blue and grey?
And I just wish I told you never mind and I could tell you now, but baby, never mind.
Yeah, oh yeah.
I could tell you now but never mind yeah, oh yeah yeah.
And I could tell you now but never mind.
I bet you lie awake at night trying to make up your sweet mind.
Wondering if you'll ever find.
Just what you want A home-town number one.
Or a California loaded gun but you know you only get one.
Or that's what you thought but here's what you've got.
I could be your favorite blue jeans.
With the holes in the knees In the bottom of the top drawer.
I could be your little beauty queen.
Just a little outta reach.
Or the girl living next door I'll be your angel giving up her wings.
If that's what you need I'd give everything to be your anything.
If you want hard to get If you want.
All you have to do is let me know If you want a bumpy ride.
Or someone with a softer side.
Either one'll be alright just let me know.
Cause this is where it goes It's not like I'm giving up who I am for you.
but for someone like you it's just so easy to do.
I like the way you wanted me every night for so long, baby.
I like the way you needed me every time the things got rocky, yeah.
I was believing in you was I mistaken?
Do you mean.
Do you mean what you say?
When you say our love could last forever well, I'd rather you be mean.
Than love and lie I'd rather hear the truth.
Than have to say goodbye.
I'd rather take a blow at least then I would know.
But baby don't you break my heart slow I like the way you'd hold me.
I like the way you'd sing to me.
Do you say.
Do you say what you mean?
Oh, yeah, yeah you'd run around.
And lead me on forever.
While I stay at home.
Still thinking we're together.
I want our love to last forever.
But I'd rather you be mean and I'd rather take a blow.
Now baby don't you break my heart slow guess mine is not the first heart broken.
My eyes are not the first to cry I'm not the first to know.
There's just no getting over you.
You know I'm just a fool who's willing to sit around and wait for you.
But, baby, can't you see.
There's nothing else for me to do?
I'm hopelessly devoted to you but now there's nowhere to hide.
Since you pushed my love aside.
I'm out of my head.
Hopelessly devoted to you.
My head is saying, "Fool, forget him." my heart is saying, "Don't let go.
Hold on till the end.".
And that's what I intend to do oh we were standing in an empty room.
The moonlight was fallin'.
You were holdin' my hand when the car pulled up for you and I coulda spent a life with you.
But those days are over.
You were callin my name when your face faded from view.
Wasn't it you that told me?
The sun would always chase the day angels fly, in the air tonight.
Saying wasn't it just like swimmin" out on the lake?
Stars collide in the air so light or was it just like those promises that you made? On our last night.
I remember waking up with you the days doin' nothin'.
You meant more to me then, than you ever knew you were gonna be a doctor, a movie star, poet at a nobel seminar.
Hope the the world never tore that out of you angels fly in the air tonight.
Saying wasn't it just like swimmin' out on the lake?
And stars collide in the air so light.
Or was it just like those promises you made on Our last night?
Tell me whatever happened to the things you loved?
And the songs we played and the indian days.
Whatever happened to the things you gave away?
Like harold and martin singing I was waving as you drove away.
The sunlight was falling you were riding backwards in a dusty window pane.
Was it just like the promises that we made?
Was it just like those promises that you made?
On our last night.
Oh,oh,oh,whoa,whoa,yeaah, oh standing on a street somewhere I don't wanna be In a town that's made of stone.
Some bad directions must have me here by mistake.
'Cause this sure ain't what I call home let me close my eyes for a second.
See if I can get out of here, and let my hair hang down, and I can feel the golden sun.
And watch a pickup truck drive by.
And I wanna tell the world how good it is to be right here.
But I don't, I just sit under this tree and I'm in Tennessee.
Standing on a road leading to a barn with a cat named Eloise.
Later on, we'll all go fishing in the pond but all we'll catch is just a summer breeze.
See if I can stay right here, and.
When the pond is gone and Eloise floats away I find myself staring at the same old day.
I need to go back, back to where I feel so free.
Well, it looks like I'm going back to Tennessee I let my hair hang down, and I can feel the golden sun.
Just me and Eloise sometimes I wonder how it's gonna feel.
Will my first love be true and real?
Will I be ready when my heart starts to fall?
What will I do when my love comes to call?
And my daddy tells me that I light up his world everyday he says, darling you're my best girl.
He tried to teach me from the very start.
The meaning of love so nobody breaks my heart.
Will my love come in a bowl of fire?
Will it be filled with hope and desire?
Will my love come in a pouring rain?
Am I ready for the joy, am I ready for the pain am I ready for the boy, am I ready for love.
I know I'm not a little girl anymore.
Cause I'm feeling things I've never felt before.
Sweet sensations and anticipations.
Calling commotion to my emotions and I hear the words my daddy said to me.
He said be true 2 yourself & keep your spirit free and love will find you one way or another.
Be good to yourself and be good to each other It's a run around the world.
And it's moving so fast.
Though I wanna find.
A love that's gonna last.
A love so strong.
That I can withstand the weight of the world.
In the palm of its hand am I ready for the boy, am I ready for this game.
Am I ready for the kiss, am I ready for the stars am I ready for the bliss, am I ready for love.
It would've been nice to see you coming but that would've ruined the surprise.
It would've been nice to have a picture perfect world but then the truth would hurt my eyes.
It would've been good for you to be there and every time you always would.
Everything seems to have a picture perfect time and nothing seems to be a blur.
It's hard to see a picture drop before it hits the ground It's nice to know you're here and you're helping me down.
But you were always there when I needed you would always see me clearly.
And you were never looking for a thank you I'm saying one for you.
Would've been cool to never fall down but then I never would've seen.
The power isn't with the picture perfect person.
You told me better things to come from in between.
I'm saying one, saying one, saying one for you let me know, how's it feel.
To be under my skin, wrapped around my heart Is it like anywhere you've been?
And everything I do, I do it just for you.
So why the hell don't you love me?
Why the hell don't you need me like I need you?
Are you so far above me?
Don't you know that there's nothing I wouldn't do?
But I was just a toy, which you destroyed.
Stupid boy I have been looking in, trying to read your mind.
Give you the benefit of the doubt, every single time.
And then you walk right by, I'm screaming out inside why the hell don't you love me?
What happens when you wake up, to see that you've lost?
You take one look at me, 'cause that's what it cost I was gonna be everything you need.
'Cause you're everything to me let me know, how's it feel to be under my skin.
Oh baby give me one more chance I want you please let me.
Back in your heart oh darling I was blind to let you go.
Now that I see you in her arms I want you back.
I want you back, ohh baby I had to catch my breath.
When I saw you there across the room holding her hand.
I'd have never guessed that starting over would look so good on you.
But here I am still believing there might come a day.
We'll pick up where we left off.
And by the way.
Your eyes are dancing.
I'd say the chances of that are getting slim by the way.
My heart's still breaking It's gonna take it a while to love again.
So many things that I forgot to say.
I should've let you know all the ways you made me feel alive.
I guess it's too late so I'll just get my coat.
And make my way into this breezy night give you one last wave.
Maybe you'll drop what you're doing and come over here to say.
I'm looking good but by the way.
You still look amazing.
And I must've been crazy to let you get away If you ever wondered.
Still got the same old number just in case.
I still miss you.
And i still love you by the way, oh.
Angelinas got a pretty face.
And really long brown hair lives somewhere in some wide open space.
Ive never been there I guess some people come around and purpose she.
But I dont cause.
I have always been a bit reckless and I am not your typical princess.
Im fine just a bit of a mess.
And Im not perfect you could say.
I wasnt brought up that way just watched Stephen run across the field.
Watched him catch the ball hes got everything youd wanna be.
Hes funny, dark and tall watch him run across to Angelina.
But I wont cause.
Stardom pushed across the line tripped over my two feet hey oh yeah.
But aint it funny how.
It all comes out Isnt life sweet?
And Im not, Im not oh If you had only gotten to me first.
If I could write a book on how this hurts If you could see the way your smile looks to me.
If I wasn't scared of the world alone.
If I didn't know he loves me so.
If I could only find the strength to leave.
You'd be with me, so baby don't you look in my eyes.
I might fall in love.
With a beautiful boy.
I wish that I could touch.
You go I hope you think of me.
As the stars fall down and the heavens fade.
This girl is begging wait for me.
It's so wrong that all I wanna do Is forget it all and just be with you.
I have to go 'cause he don't know but the writing's on the wall.
But here we are in so deep.
Soaking wet jumping in without no safety net.
And I don't know what kinda ropes.
Would break this kinda fall, so baby you go, I hope you think of me.
This girl is begging wait, wait for me we can't be together right now.
Guess there's no use in trying.
But if you look at me right now.
Can you tell that I'm dying.
To hold you but it would be wrong to.
So don't you look in my eyes don't you look now.
I shined your shoes I poured the wine.
I gave you all of my time.
I patched your dance smile that your friends.
Which apparently is a crime.
I gave you space you took my place.
And gave it to her but life's too long.
To waste it all loving a liar.
And when love hands me matches now.
I'm gonna burn it down I keyed her car.
Got my guitar and wrote this damn song.
Look what you've found she's been around.
I hear the lines long and don't you tell me.
To be nice I'm not a nice girl.
She died from complications.
Of the things you told her so when love hands me matches now.
Ain't it funny you said honey.
You meant sitting duck.
Well i say cheater, liar, truck on fire, loser, leaver, deceiver.
Just a few I've thought of.
'Gonna burn it down gonna burn it, burn it, burn it down.
Matches, now I said I know he said need some time, need some space.
To think about all of this.
I watched him go he watched me crushed to the floor.
On my knees, just like that he said, "When can I come back?".
I said, that's when I wake up in the morning.
That's when after sun is always storming laughing when I'm crying.
That's when I'll be waiting at the front gate.
That's when never see your face I let you in, baby that's when.
He said I did you wrong, made mistakes put you through all of this.
'Cause I let you go, you let me think.
That I'll be fine without you.
Imagine that! so baby I'll come back.
That's when I'll never see your face.
And I said all this playing did you ever think of me?
That's when I woke up in the morning.
Laughing when I was crying!
And that's when we will waiting up to f*ckin'.
That's when I saw your face to let me in, baby that's when.
He said I need some time, need some space all the other kids with the pumped up kicks.
You better run.
Outrun my gun.
Faster than my bullet ellen works a long day.
Giving weird interviews in a slick, cool sweater.
And it gets kinda weird.
Yeah, calling us like we're boyfriend and girlfriend.
But it's not cause were just sitting here and we got cat videos and dance on Betty White and stuff.
And it's always gonna get weird.
Cause this song is all about Ellen.
Every single time I come on this show It's really weird.
Really weird all because of Ellen.
Always end up dancing I've been on this show.
Eight times now and I still remember.
Ellen hiding in the bathroom with a hidden camera.
And she scared me so bad and I fell and I could of died she's always asks me who I'm dating.
Every time I'm on this show.
And I don't even know why.
But it gets five million hits on youtube cause, Every single time I come on this show.
Do you remember the day I leaned up against your car.
And it started rolling down the street.
You screamed and ran after it and tried to open the door.
And it ran over your foot.
And I was too busy laughing on the ground to see.
It would take Brad Pitt to leave you.
It takes five seconds to need you when I'm mad at all the lovebirds.
'Cause they don't know to play our song.
I wish that pretty girls couldn't see you I wish that all your roads would lead you right to me.
'Cause that's where you belong.
Until Brad Pitt comes along.
Do you remember the time we watched Carrie.
And you said it reminded you of me and I threw the remote at you.
And you said "my point exactly".
And later on that night, under the neon city lights you paid a homeless guy to sing a song to me.
You call me lucky 'cause I lose everything but I swear I'd be careful with it.
If you gave me a ring and it would take Brad Pitt to leave you.
'Cause they don't play our song.
I wish that pretty girls wouldn't see you.
'Til Brad Pitt comes along yeah, oh oh.
I like glitter and sparkly dresses.
But I'm not gonna talk about that In my monologue.
I like baking and things that smell like winter la la la, la la la.
I like writing songs about douche bags who cheat on me but I'm not gonna say that.
I like writing their names into songs so they're ashamed to go in public.
La la, la la la la la this is my musical monologue.
You might think I'd bring up Joe.
The guy who broke up with me on the phone.
But I'm not gonna mention him.
Hey Joe! I'm doing real well.
Tonight I'm hosting SNL but I'm not gonna brag about that.
La la la, ha ha ha ha ha ha, ha ha ha.
La la la and if you're wondering if I might.
Be dating the werewolf from Twilight.
I'm not gonna comment on that.
You might be expecting me to say.
Something bad about Kanye.
And how he ran up on the stage and ruined my VMA monologue.
But there's nothing more to say.
Cause everything's okay.
I've got security lining this stage this is my SNL monologue.
That was my SNL monologue.
I don't like your little games.
Don't like your tilted stage.
The role you made me play.
Of the fool, no, I don't like you.
I don't like your perfect crime how you laugh when you lie.
You said the gun was mine Isn't cool, no, I don't like you.
But I got smarter, I got harder in the nick of time honey, I rose up from the dead, I do it all the time.
I've got a list of names and yours is in red, underlined I check it once, then I check it twice, oh!
Ooh, look what you made me do look what you made me do.
Look what you just made me do look what you just made me.
I don't like your kingdom keys.
They once belonged to me you asked me for a place to sleep.
Locked me out and threw a feast.
The world moves on, another day, another drama, drama.
But not for me, not for me, all I think about is karma.
And then the world moves on, but one thing's for sure maybe I got mine, but you'll all get yours.
I don't trust nobody and nobody trusts me I'll be the actress starring in your bad dreams.
"I'm sorry, the old Taylor can't come to the phone right now.".
"Why?" "Oh, 'cause she's dead!" "Oh, you guys!".
"Stop making that surprise face, it's so annoying.".
"Yeah, you can't possibly be that surprised all the time.".
"What's with that bitch?" "Don't call me that.".
"Y'all?" "Oh, stop acting like you're all nice, you are so fake." "Oh, there she goes. Playing the victim, again.".
"What are you doing?".
"Getting receipts, gonna edit this later.".
"Uh, I would very much like to be excluded from this narrative." "Shut up!" and she scared me so bad and I fell and I could've die.
All is quiet in the world tonight catching stars and fireflies.
The summer sings a lullaby.
With just me and my baby on the hood of his daddy's car.
Pass around his old guitar.
Bet mama's wondering where we are.
It's just me and my baby.
The world is spinning round.
Cause look just what I've found ooh, life's so sweet right here.
Ooh, keeping it young and crazy ooh, just wanna stay right here.
Cause nothing's quite like being with my baby driving home by the river side.
Wishing I could slow down time.
Taking pictures in my mind.
Both me and my baby the car pulls up and I'm home too late.
We didn't take that interstate back roads was a better way.
For me and my baby the closer that we get.
Oh, I can't leave yet look at what we've found.
So turn that car around.
Ooh, hanging with my baby hanging with my baby, my baby.
And my dear you get better.
All throughout the day.
If you leave I'll be crawling back for more.
if you need love I'll be standing at your door I'll be sick inside if baby you'd be my cure.
wherever you think I am tonight just know we're miles from a heartbreak.
Because in the blink of a pretty brown eye sometime along the way you take my breath away.
distracted by he view and if you ever leave I'll be crawling back for more.
and if you ever need love I'll be standing at your door they say I need to see all the people out there waiting.
but you take one look at me.
and I know the mistake I'd be making.
cuz if you ever leave I'll be crawling back for more and if you ever need love I'm standing at your door.
I'll be sick inside if baby you be my cure.
I'd never gone with the wind.
Just let it flow.
Let it take me where it wants to go.
'Til you open the door.
There's so much more.
I'd never seen it before.
I was trying to fly but I couldn't find wings.
But you came along and you changed everything.
You lift my feet off the ground.
You spin me around.
You make me crazier, crazier.
Feels like I'm falling and I am lost in your eyes you make me crazier, crazier, crazier.
I've watched from a distance as you made life your own every sky was your own kind of blue.
And I wanted to know how that would feel and you made it so real.
You showed me something that I couldn't see you opened my eyes.
And you made me believe baby you showed me what living is for.
I don't wanna hide anymore oh oh feels like I'm fallin' and I am lost in your eyes.
Crazier, crazier tire swings, summer dreams, honeysuckle on the breeze whistle County creek.
Laying in the green grass, I was watching clouds pass baby, you were watching me.
Cold barn struck bed, everything you said.
Slowly educating me I never had a lesson so sweet.
You can get high on a first kiss.
You can get by with sweet tea and God's graces.
You can love like a sinner and lose like a winner nothing's shatterproof you can crash and burn and come back someone new.
And that's what I learned from you autumn rain, window pane, looking how the leaves change.
Just like the two of us still got your laugh, your ghost, your jacket.
Guess I loved you way too much.
But I'm a little smarter, my heart's a little harder but it's still soft enough to cry.
Cause I remember those times I remember saw you just the other day.
All that I could think to say was "Hey, how have you been?".
You caught me with that old smile said, "It's really been a while.
And I still think about back when.." we used to get high on the first kiss.
We could get by with sweet tea and Jesus.
And you can love like a sinner and lose like a winner.
You can crash and burn and now I'm someone new oh, that's what I learned from you.
That's what I learned from you, oh you, oh that's what I learned from you, oh yeah.
I loved you for a little, a little while I think you know that!
It would have worked for a little.
Except for that day you It's not like you to be here.
When you said you won't!
But in the pouring rain you changed everything.
You changed the tune!
In the middle of the game you changed the rules!
It's not like we could forget something quickly.
Except in the pouring rain.
It kills me to say this.
It really does, it kills my heart!
But I might still love you.
Reason we're just fallen apart.
But it's not like me to answer.
Gonna change my mind!
But in the pouring rain, you changed everything.
And it's not like we could forget something quickly.
Oh, am I all I torn myself I would be losing!
But in the pouring rain, can you feel my pain?
My tears are falling down from the sky!
In the pouring rain, I can feel I wonder who you love tonight.
Oh, in the pouring rain oh, in the pouring rain!
You changed my mind.
I need you more than I know how to mention.
And I'd give forever to get your attention.
Be you're summer midnight with starry blue eyes that only see you and are yours every night.
Ooh, ooh, love's like this.
It's something I missed.
And that small town daydream.
Lasted all night.
Cussing out all those bright city lights just look at you look at me.
Heaven looked down to see we're falling now.
And there's nothing we ain't too sure of.
Just two kids making up for lost love all of the days that I couldn't get it right.
It all disappeared lying here by your side.
With your dirty blue jeans and my crooked smile.
You make it look easy changing my life.
Small town daydream.
Heaven had quite the time.
To figure this life out but baby I've got mine.
To give you everything you dream about.
And it's something I don't miss anymore once upon a time a few mistakes ago.
I was in your sights, you got me alone you found me, you found me, you found me.
I guess you didn't care, and I guess I liked that and when I fell hard you took a step back.
Without me, without me, without me.
And he's long gone when he's next to me and I realize the blame is on me.
'Cause I knew you were trouble when you walked in so shame on me now.
Flew me to places I'd never been.
'Til you put me down, oh.
I knew you were trouble when you walked in now I'm lying on the cold hard ground.
Oh, oh,  trouble, trouble, trouble oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble.
Double platinum wherever she go.
South of France to Reno.
Met her out in Vegas.
Went in on casino red lips so hard to miss.
What's wrong with being promiscuous.
And I can teach you bad, bad things.
If you into it.
Don't need to get intimate...just yet slow down, I know that.
You thinking you and me...just met but girl, I got the remedy most important in chemistry.
Good girl gone bad too much for a Kennedy.
Some say, some say, they sell they souls for a couple hits I'd rather live a life of gold with a perfect chick.
Cause that one moment when your breathless and your hoping and ya feel the same way, same way.
Sparks blowing off that cute face and that shy smile...oh man.
I haven't crushed this hard in quite a while...oh damn and I can care less that your famous.
We can make the perfect couple cause my first name big, last name trouble.
And the saddest fear comes creeping in that you never loved me, or her, or anyone, or anything, yeah.
Trouble, trouble, trouble.
Here in my mind the sky looks the same on every day you loved me.
When we started home it started to rain you put your coat around me.
We stood there in the road.
You held me so close but did you ever let go.
Down came the rain lightning and thunder.
We tried in vain to hold on to each other.
Winds of change blew you away from me.
Right here right now, I feel it on my skin.
The bitter sting of what we couldve been just when our love was like a burning flame.
In through the window I see her with you.
Im soaked to the skin, youre warm and dry I guess the storm is over for you.
But look at the tears here in my eyes.
I just stood there like a ghost.
As you held her so close.
And as I let you go.
Love like this changes who you are.
Every kiss you gave me is a scar all I need is to move on fast.
But all I want is to have you back and it just keeps falling.
I could've keyed your car.
I could've rolled your yard I know the passwords to your emails, everything you do.
I could've put 'em to good use.
But I'm dressed to kill and tonight I'm going out on a date.
With your best friend, he always liked me anyway r-E-V-E-N-G-E My list of things to do this week.
Jealousy, misery, gonna give you what you gave to me make you feel so B-A-D.
Break you, make you sorry I hope you cry getting my R-E-V-E-N-G-E.
So I'm gonna paint the town with him.
Replace your memory, everywhere we've ever been I don't hangout at smokey bars but I know we'll see you there.
And I'm making you hear me laugh like I just don't care I know you hate my friends so tonight I called 'em all.
Later on you can expect some prank phone calls, baby s-A-N-I-T-Y, I hope you lose yours tonight.
You made me crazy too long so I'm working on.
Baby, baby R-E-V-E-N-G-E.
Gonna give you what you gave to me I can't believe you did it again.
Walked by and took my heart with you why did you have to look so good?
Don't you know that I'm trying to hate you trying to have a dream without you in it.
But how can I put out this fire.
When you're the one who lit it I can't wait for the day I stop pretending.
That I'm really ok when I'm not.
I want to know how it feels to be.
Over you for real until I do.
I'll keep writing songs about you.
I've got a stack of papers so high.
And it's all about you baby keep thinking maybe I.
Can make sense of something crazy.
Something I can't get out of my Head I write your name I write your name.
Then I tear it all to shreds.
And if you ever change your mind.
And want me back again.
I hope these songs will remind me.
Why I shouldn't let you in that I'm really ok cause I'm not.
I'll just wait for the day I stop pretending.
I wanna know how it feels to be over you for real till I do.
If I could be sweet I would but first of all, let me say.
I must apologize for acting stank and treating you this way.
Cause I've been acting like sour milk all on the floor Its your fault you didn't shut the refrigerator.
Maybe that's the reason I've been acting so cold If I could escape.
And recreate a place that's my own world and I could be your favorite girl.
Forever, perfectly together.
Now tell me boy now wouldn't that be sweet sorry, but I know I've been a real bad girl.
I didn't mean for you to get hurt.
Whatsoever we can make it better.
Sweet escape, sweet escape.
You let me drown I'm at my lowest boiling point.
Come help me out I need to get me out of this joint.
Come on, let's bounce counting on you to turn me around.
Instead of clowning around let's look for some common ground.
Oh baby times been getting a little crazy I've been getting a little lazy.
Waiting for you to come save me.
I can see that you're angry.
By the way that you treat me.
Hopefully, you don't leave me.
Wanna take you with me I got a lying smile I never put out for you.
Cause I guess I never felt like I really needed to and they say little girls have big dreams.
And nothing in the world was gonna come between me and you and it was a long time coming.
I waited half my life just to find someone like you I spent a long time finding out love hangs around after you walk out.
Not knowing it'd be a long time going they say it's better to have lost than never to have loved at all.
And I say, whoever said that didn't have too far to fall and they say little girls are so naive.
That wasn't how it was supposed to be with me and you I spend a long time finding out love hangs around after you walk out.
Not knowing it will be a long time going I've burned my bridges, had sleepless nights.
Washed my sins on the neon lights.
And I'm still not over you.
A long time going and it will be a long time, long time going.
Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh.
It will be a long time, long time going, going.
Knew he was a killer first time that I saw him.
Wondered how many girls he had loved and left haunted.
But if he's a ghost, then I can be a phantom.
Holdin' him for ransom, some.
Some boys are tryin' too hard, he don't try at all though.
Younger than my exes, but he act like such a man, so I see nothing better, I keep him forever.
Like a vendetta-ta I, I, I see how this is gon' go.
Touch me and you'll never be alone.
I-Island breeze and lights down low no one has to know.
In the middle of the night, in my dreams.
You should see the things we do, baby.
I know I'm gonna be with you, so I take my time.
Are you ready for it?
Knew I was a robber first time that he saw me.
Stealing hearts and running off and never sayin' sorry.
But if I'm a thief, then he can join the heist, and.
We'll move to an island, and.
And he can be my jailer, Burton to this Taylor.
Every love I've known in comparison is a failure I forget their names now, I'm so very tame now.
Never be the same now, now.
In the middle of the night in my dreams night, in my dreams.
We'd do, baby.
Yeah, in the middle of the night.
Baby, let the games begin.
Let the games begin hey Hey, T-Swizzle.
And T-Pizzle I'm like 8 foot 4.
Blond hair to the floor.
You shorties never thought I dreamed about rapping hardcore no I ain't got a gun.
No I never really been in a club.
Still live with my parents but I'm still a thug I'm so gangster you can find me baking cookies at night.
You out clubbing but I just made caramel delight.
T-Swift and T-Pain rapping on the same track It's a thug story, tell me can you handle that?
I had a dream last night I had high top Nikes.
I had diamonds in my mouth and Diamonds on my mic.
By the time I woke I was singing I'm on a boat, whoa oh.
Cause I'm a singer turned rapper shorty I'm a make ya.
Straight to the top, yo shorty I'm a take ya.
You can call me T-Sweezy now I'm a rap star.
Hey, It's a thug story now tell 'em who you are.
Singer turned gangster you don't want to fight me.
Straight to the top.
In my extra small white tee t-Swift and T-Pain all up on the same track.
It's a thug story now can you get with that?
What, What, I knit sweaters, yo!
What, What, Don't test me.
Hey, Hold on, hold on I didn't even say anything I-.
I said Yo.
You guys bleeped me and I didn't even say anything I didn't swear.
Hello? Ugh! I dont think that passenger seat.
Has ever looked this good to me.
He tells me about his night.
And I count the colors in his eyes hell never fall in love he swears.
As he runs his fingers through his hair.
Im laughing 'cause I hope he's wrong.
And I don't think it ever crossed his mind.
He tells a joke, I fake a smile but I know all his favorite songs.
And I could tell you his favorite color's green.
He loves to argue, born on the seventeenth.
His sister's beautiful, he has his fathers eyes.
And if you asked me if I love him Id lie he looks around the room.
Innocently overlooks the truth shouldnt a light go on?
Doesnt he know that Ive had him memorized for so long?
He sees everything black and white never let nobody see him cry.
I dont let nobody see me wishing he was mine he stands there, then walks away.
My god if I could only say.
"Im holding every breath for you...".
Hed never tell you but he can play guitar.
I think he can see through everything but my heart.
First thought when I wake up Is "My god, hes beautiful.".
So I put on my make-up and pray for a miracle.
Yes, I could tell you his favorite color's green.
He loves to argue, oh, and it kills me.
If you asked me if I love him I'm so glad you made time to see me.
How's life? Tell me, how's your family?
I haven't seen them in a while.
You've been good, busier than ever.
We small talk, work and the weather your guard is up, and I know why.
Because the last time you saw me.
Is still burned in the back of your mind you gave me roses, and I left them there to die.
So this is me swallowing my pride standing in front of you, saying I'm sorry for that night.
And I go back to December all the time It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you.
Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine I go back to December, turn around and make it alright.
I go back to December all the time.
These days, I haven't been sleeping staying up, playing back myself leaving.
When your birthday passed, and I didn't call.
Then I think about summer, all the beautiful times.
I watched you laughing from the passenger side.
And realized I loved you in the fall.
And then the cold came, the dark days when fear crept into my mind.
You gave me all your love, and all I gave you was goodbye.
I go back to December, turn around and change my own mind.
I miss your tan skin, your sweet smile.
So good to me, so right.
And how you held me in your arms that September night.
The first time you ever saw me cry.
Maybe this is wishful thinking.
Probably mindless dreaming.
But if we loved again, I swear I'd love you right I'd go back in time and change it, but I can't.
So if the chain is on your door, I understand.
And then he said it's too late to apologize.
It's too late he said it's too late to apologize.
And I said, this is me swallowing my pride.
He said you're not sorry no, no, no.
You're not sorry.
I want it all to appear before my eyes when he smiles.
Maybe I'm wrong but I don't think Romeo would be my kind of guy.
I want a love that's sweeter than roses and for me this is how it's gonna be.
Like there's a fairytale guy.
And he whispers sweet lullabies and the music plays from nowhere.
As we dance in the pale moonlight.
With candles and fireflies all night everybody thinks about love.
I want love they haven't thought of yet.
Here on the couch with a box of chocolates that I bought myself I'll wait it out but sometimes my patience just needs a little help.
It's what you get when your heartstrings are so tied.
I don't regret it 'cause it needs to be perfect and he music plays from nowhere.
I want my own little storybook ending.
We'll make it up as we go there's a fairytale guy.
I don't think that passenger seat.
He tells me about his nights he'll never fall in love he swears.
I'm laughing 'cause I hope he's wrong and I could tell you his favorite color's green.
His sister's beautiful, he has his father's eyes I'd lie shouldn't a light go on?
Doesn't he know that I've had him memorized for so long?
I don't let nobody see me wishing he was mine my God, if I could only say.
"I'm holding every breath for you." he'd never tell you, but he can play guitar.
Is "My God, he's beautiful.".
Walking downtown shuffling my feet I try to dream my dreams above the concrete.
Store windows, traveled for miles but something I passed really caught my eye.
It was cracked down the middle, permanent scars.
But I fell in love with this here guitar.
Nice to meet you, can I teach you all I know, can you show me what you do.
Where have you been.
What have you seen.
Who were you before you even knew me.
Have you been played for endless hours.
Or were you left in the corner.
Or were you someone's best friend this here guitar.
It was my baby, anyone could see I love the cracks, the curves, the hidden beauty.
But I can't help wondering why.
It came to me and where we'll say goodbye the cracks down the middle.
Can't see where they are since I fell in love with this here guitar.
Were you a present from a father to a son.
Did he forget you or just play you 'til you came undone.
Hey did some prima donna love you.
'Til she got her fame and fortune I won't do that to you.
Nice to meet you, I can teach you all I know, you can show me what you do.
And I played you for endless hours never left you in the corner.
You're my one and only friend now I know where life lessons are.
You're my guitar.
Are you trying to make me fall.
'Cause with a face like that baby It won't take too long.
Keep on melting me with those eyes and I think in a while I'll be hypnotized.
Sitting here singing ooh, ooh, I love you I love you.
Ooh, ooh, come a little closer oh, oh, I love you I love you.
And I'm down to my last breath.
Trying to get my heels back under my head baby somewhere around the time.
The moment I saw you.
With your hair all sticking up.
I was all caught up.
'Cause baby you were so damn cute.
I need you to need me.
See the train is coming for me.
Help me, save me from this crash at last.
Na na na na na na na na na you seem to be just what I've tried to find.
And your name looks so good written next to mine next to mine.
Ooh, ooh I really really want you.
Oh, oh I love you I love you.
You know you guys have a lot of amazing bands from this part of the world, did you know that?
Well now he's back in the atmosphere.
With Drops of Jupiter in his hair, hey, hey he walks like summer and talks like rain.
Reminds me that there's time to change, hey, hey.
Since his return from the stay on the moon he listens like spring and he talks like June, hey, hey.
Tell me did you sail across the sun did you make it to the Milky Way to see the lights all faded.
That heaven is overrated.
Tell me, did you fall for a shooting star.
One without a permanent scar.
And did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there.
Well now he's back from that soul vacation chasing his way through the constellation, hey, hey.
He checks out Mozart while he does tae-bo.
Reminds me that there's room to grow, hey, hey I'm afraid that he might think of me as plain ol' Jane.
Told a story about a man who is too afraid to fly so he never did land.
Tell me did the wind sweep you off your feet did you finally get the chance to dance along in the light of day.
Head back to the Milky Way.
And tell me, did Venus blow your mind was it everything you wanted to find.
Can you imagine no love, pride, deep-fried chicken.
Your best friend always sticking up for you, even when I know you're wrong.
Can you imagine no first dance, freeze dried romance five-hour phone conversation the best soy latte that you ever had. . .and me.
Tell me, did the wind sweep you off your feet.
Head back toward the Milky Way.
And did you miss me while you were looking for yourself?
Na na na na na na na na na na na na naaa, oh oh ohhh.
I need you now.
Read letters that I wrote on the wall.
And the message that I left when I called words I said drowned out by the rain.
Waiting there for you but you never came my worlds a little colder now.
But Im keeping warm somehow.
So here you are at my window.
Guess nobody told you.
I dont need dont need you.
And I waited so frustrated whos gonna hold you.
I dont need you dont need you now.
Words I heard you whisper to me we were walking down a one-way street.
You need me now.
Thats what youve been telling my friends that Ive come too far to go back there again.
My heart my mind and number have changed.
You might as well forget my name.
I dont need you dont need you red letters that I wrote on the wall.
So whos gonna hold you I dont need you now.
And I dont know where you are.
I dont wonder where you are I dont dream about you cause I dont need you now.
I dont dream about the way.
That I never heard you say I need you I need you.
Dont need you dont need you now.
She's looking in the mirror the moment's getting nearer.
She thinks about it as she walks her walk.
Up and down the staircase.
Make up fresh on her face she thinks about it as she talks her talk.
School dance, first chance always been a dreamer.
There's one guy, she's shy.
Sees him through the mirror.
And everybody looks at her.
She thinks about it blue dress, angel face.
Looking in the mirror.
Shoes, purse, hair tied back and you should see her.
She's got her magic.
Floating through the air.
Peace, love one thing leads into another.
Dream big, aim small man you gotta love her.
She's got her hopes up.
Got 'em up to there wondering what to wear.
She's standing in her bedroom.
He'll be pulling up soon.
She thinks about it when she sees headlights looking out the window.
She's got her diary to show.
That she's been waiting for this all her life first date, can't wait.
Heart all wrapped up wait until he sees her.
He's looking right at her.
Sixteen blue jeans, Abercrombie T-shirt the years went by.
The mirror saw her cry she got up again.
The wind blew by.
The small town lights.
Move out, find out where the world can take her.
Bright lights, late nights.
Living for the greater.
Move to Paris living on a prayer.
Ohh, oh, oh you walk in here with your guitar man.
Your shining boots and your full on band.
A smile on your face, a knife in your hand.
Singing songs you've got memorized.
With whatever talent money buys.
So polished that it slips right through your hands.
But don't ruin yourself I ain't your competition.
Don't flatter yourself that was never my intention.
I wanna talk about what you are that I ain't let's talk about what you do that I can't.
Let's talk about me and you and that empty room and who wins.
Let's talk about what you did to get here.
Let's talk about blood and sweat and tears.
Let's talk about what you want to be and who I've always been.
I walk in here with a beat up case.
The same guitar I've always played and the words i wrote down on a page.
When i was 12 years old a small town raised you tell the crowd you're paying dues.
I tell them, "this is what I do" and its what i put my life into.
As I breathe the smoke and cheap perfume.
And say life on musical road is rough conditions but the easy ride was never my ambition.
Let's talk about your childhood days you were the prom queen, I was on this stage.
So where's that crown gotten you these days?
When it's me and you and the same damn games.
So what have you got that I ain't?
And what can you do that I can't?
Let's put me and you in an empty room and see who wins.
Let's talk about what you wanna be, girl, and who I've always been 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood.
You know it used to be mad love.
So take a look what you've done.
'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey!
Hey! I can't take it back, look where I'm at!
We was on D like DOC, remember that?
My TLC was quite OD, ID my facts.
Now POV of you and me, similar Iraq I don't hate you but I hate to critique, overrate you.
These beats of a dark heart, use basslines to replace you.
Take time and erase you, love don't hear no more.
No I don't fear no more, better yet respect ain't quite sincere no more oh, it's so sad to.
Think about the good times.
You and I.
'Cause baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!
Now we got problems and I don't think we can solve 'em.
You made a really deep cut.
And baby, now we got bad blood, hey!
Hey! Remember when you tried to write me off?
Remember when you thought I'd take a loss?
Don't you remember? You thought that I would need yah.
Follow procedure, remember? Oh wait you got amnesia?
It was my season for battle wounds, battle scars body bumped, bruised.
Stabbed in the back brimstone, fire jumping through.
Still, all my life, I got money and power and you gotta live with the bad blood now.
Band-aids don't fix bullet holes.
You say sorry just for show.
If you live like that, you live with ghosts If you live like that you live with ghosts.
If you love like that blood runs cold now we've got problems.
Standing on the border.
Looking out into the great unknown.
I can feel my heart beating faster as I step out on my own.
There's a new horizon and the promise of favorable wind I'm heading out tonight, traveling light.
I'm gonna start all over again.
And buy a one-way ticket on a west bound train.
See how far I can go cause I'm gonna go out dancing in the pouring rain.
And talk to someone I don't know.
I will face the world around me.
Knowing that I'm strong enough to let you go and I will fall in love again.
Because I can gonna climb the mountain.
And look the eagle in the eye.
I won't let fear clip my wings and tell me how high I can fly how could I have ever believed.
That love had to be so blind when freedom was waiting, down at the station.
All I had to do was make up my mind.
Well, I have walked through the fire and crawled on my knees through the valley of the shadow of doubt.
Then the truth came shining like a light on me and now I can see my way out.
Buy a one-way ticket on a west bound train I'm gonna have my breakfast with some pink champagne.
Gonna sail the ocean, gonna spread my wings gonna climb that mountain, gonna do everything.
Been sittin' eyes wide open behind these four walls, hopin' you'll call.
It's just a cruel existence like it's no point hopin' at all baby, baby, I feel crazy.
Up all night, all night and every day give me somethin', oh, but you say nothin'.
What is happenin' to me?
I don't wanna live forever.
'Cause I know I'll be livin' in vain and I don't wanna fit wherever.
I just wanna keep callin' your name until you come back home.
I'm sittin' eyes wide open and I got one thing stuck in my mind wondering if I dodged a bullet or just lost the love of my life.
I gave you something, but you gave me nothing what is happening to me?
And I don't wanna fit  wherever I've been looking sad in all the nicest places.
I see you around in all these empty faces now I'm in a cab, I tell him where your place is.
Live forever, never say never.
You could do better, that's what she says mama named her lucky on a starlit night.
A rabbit foot in her pocket, she dances in spite and she says lucky you, lucky you.
She sings her little song, she walks along mind over matter, that's what she says.
And she says lucky you, lucky you, lucky you.
Maybe she'll sing you do do do do maybe she'll bring you into the skies.
Honey she'll love you, funny how some view.
What a thing to see.
What a thing to be.
What a perfect love, what a perfect home 'Cause every time she walks.
And every time she talks Is every time he knows what a perfect world he's living on.
But whenever he's gone and when she's all alone.
His heart goes out to her on the telephone and he says, "Sugar, how I love you.
How I think about you all the time" he calls her "Sugar" 'cause she's the sweetest thing.
Oh, she's the best thing he'll ever find.
With her midnight hair.
And with his favorite stare.
She's a southern belle, he's a rockout king.
When she looks around oh, she knows she's found.
Such a perfect life, such a perfect thing and whenever he's gone and when she's all alone.
Oh, there's a reason for every season.
There's a change within the range of every heart.
But the reason and the season.
Seem to be right so far he calls her "Sugar".
Days go by, I wonder if you hear me can't you read between the lines?
Now I'm standing still, I am disappearing.
Take this chance, I'll make you mine and don't you wonder why.
You change in time.
Makes you feel so empty inside.
But love's got me cornered in the back of the room I'm spinning around, spinning around.
And all I see is someone I don't know love's got me tangled, tying me to.
The side of a wall, side of a wall.
Spinning me around.
And baby all I see is you.
He tells lies, are you really thinking that you deserve another try.
When you see these eyes you see another planet.
Don't ask how, but fate decides spinning and turning.
And living and learning I should be able to handle this.
Make it or break it.
You move it or shake it do it or fake it.
Girl you've got to make it and all I see is you.
I remember tears streaming down your face.
When I said, "I'll never let you go." when all those shadows almost killed your light.
I remember you said, "Don't leave me here alone,".
But all that's dead and gone and passed tonight.
Just close your eyes.
The sun is going down.
You'll be alright.
No one can hurt you now.
Come morning light.
You and I'll be safe and sound.
Don't you dare look out your window, darling.
Everything's on fire the war outside our door keeps raging on.
Hold onto this lullaby.
Even when the music's gone.
Gone ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh la, la ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, oh, oh.
Wish I had concentrated.
They said love was complicated but it's something I just fell into.
And it was overrated.
But just look what I created I keep my life in black and blue.
Before you ask me if I'm alright.
Think about what I had to do, ooh yeah.
Wake up and smell the breakup.
Fix my heart, put on my make-up another mess I didn't plan.
And I'll bet you thought you beat me.
Wish you could only see.
I got an I heart question mark.
Written on the back of my hand I'll be fine if you just walk by.
But you had to talk about why.
You were wrong and I was right.
But I can't believe you made me sit at home, cry like a baby.
Wait right by the phone every night.
And now you ask about you and I.
There's no you and I remember what you put me through.
I had to wake up and smell the breakup.
And when you're home all alone at night.
You'll still wonder why you took everything I had, oh baby.
I haven't thought about you and I and I know someday you will.
Realize that we won't make-up It didn't go the way you planned.
And you'll know you didn't beat me.
When you look down and see.
I got an I heart question mark written on the back of my hand an I heart question mark, yeah.
Your feet under the table I love it when they're touching mine.
Your hands make the crisps at the cradle to tell me everything is fine.
All I see is you looking at me do you know when you go.
You make the sweetest sight at the window.
If you had never come out of the blue I would have stayed up and Made Up You.
You smile just like a picture.
It doesn't even need a frame.
Sometimes I wait to answer.
Just to hear you say my name.
And all I want is just what I've got I'd never let you go.
Even If I could.
Cause I never could've dreamed you up this good made Up You.
Once the last drop of rain, has dried off the pavement.
Shouldn't  but I never do the way the tires turn stones on old county roads.
You leave it muddy underneath, reminds me of you.
You find graffiti on the walls.
Of old bathroom stalls.
You know, you can scratch it right off, it's how we used to be like the dollar in your pocket, that's been spent and traded in.
You can't change where it's been, reminds me of me.
I lived, and I learned, had you.
Got burned held out, held on god knows, too long, you wasted my time.
Lost tears, swore that I'd get out of here.
No amount of freedom, gets you clean I still got you all over me.
Guess the worst day of June.
Was the one that I met you.
With your hands in your pockets and your "don't you wish you had me" grin.
I did, so I smile, and I melted like a child now every breath of air I breathe reminds me of back then.
Well I lived, and I learned, had you.
No amount of freedom gets you clean I lived, and I learned, and found out what it was to turn around.
And see that we were never really meant to be so I lied, and I tried, and I watched a part of myself die.
Hey hey, T-Swizzle T-Swizzle.
And T-Pizzle T-Pizzle I had high-top Nikes.
And diamonds on my mic.
I'm on a boat 'Cause I'm a singer turned rapper.
Hey, it's a thug story.
You don't wanna fight me what, what, I knit sweaters, yo!
What, what, don't test me hey, hold on, hold on.
I didn't even say anything.
I didn't even s I said, "Yo.".
Someone struck a match against the night all I could see was you and I.
I was captivated.
A perfect little dream inside my head.
And then reality crept in, and erased it.
For a while I thought that I could hold you.
But you were just a temporary high firefly you drew me to you.
Your beauty shines and lights up the sky and you don't know it, do you?
I wish I could keep you, firefly.
Firefly something so beautiful and free.
Was as never meant to be caged in.
I thought I had you in my hand.
I tried to catch you, but I can't chase the wind.
And just as I reach out to touch you.
I remind myself you were meant to fly I wish I could keep you firefly.
I like to think I'd be all that you wanted.
Not even that is enough and you don't know it do you?
I wish I could keep you I wish I could keep you,  firefly.
You wore a dark grey T-shirt nothing made sense 'til the time I saw your face.
Me and Britney used to sit on the front porch drinking lemonade talking about things no one else was ever supposed to hear.
In the summer shade she said she was gonna be a movie star.
And I said she was crazy.
Catching dreams and fireflies in a jar.
Just me and Britney we were babies, we were beautiful and free.
There was nothing that was out of reach.
For me and Britney she never made it to Hollywood but she made it to Memphis.
And this little old town just hasnt been the same since.
That boy she went ran off with, well I thought he was crazy.
Maybe I was just jealous that he'd come between me and Britney.
She was in love, she was beautiful and free she was always so much braver than me.
When the phone rang in the middle of the night.
Before she said a word I knew it was her.
She said Im sorry for waking you up but I didnt know who else to call or where else to go.
Me and Britney sat down on the front porch talking about love and how it changes things.
Changes people and it changes names and everything but me and Britney.
Were not as young, but were still beautiful and free.
Even when were old, were still gonna be.
Me and Britney sitting on the front porch drinking lemonade talking about things no one else was ever gonna hear in the summer shade.
Like one of those fireflies.
Oh, it looks so good till it's in your hand.
It's like one of those memories where you can't let go, but you just can't stand.
It's like one of those crazy dreams and the permanent screens in the magazines.
Saying, "Why'd I love, all it does.
Is break your heart".
One morning, does it all add up?
Or am I just standing on the edge of crazy?
You're getting close to giving up.
In a big old way, it knocks you down into the.
Other side every time love or lie, live or die.
I, well, I guess that's life like one of those people.
With the beautiful eyes and the perfect face It's like one of those stories.
Where the hero dies in the very last race like one of those endless cries.
And the crazy lies of a hurting child saying, "Why did love have to hurt?
It broke my heart".
Darker side every time.
I always liked to think that I was always brave enough.
To try to master any push and shove well, I guess I never qualified love.
Oh, I guess that's life.
Well, I guess that's life.
I was trying to fly but I couldn't find wings.
I've watched from a distance as you made life your own.
And I wanted to know.
How that would feel.
You opened my eyes and you made me believe baby, you showed me what living is for.
She walks to school with her arms crossed.
It's just another day at 10 o'clock she hears this screaming.
Then finally she sees them It's scary how things change.
And I saw the story on the news I saw the footage from the roof.
I sat down and cried.
Didn't she call you?
Didn't she need you bad enough?
Was there some reason I'm not aware of?
Did you not write it down just one more thing to do.
Where were you and didn't she pray too.
He kissed his wife good bye and took the earliest flight.
So he could be home that night to put his kids to sleep.
Down the aisle three men walked and said "We're here to die for our God.".
He stood up and said, "That's funny.
'Cause my God died for me." I put the magazine down.
I read his words out loud.
Didn't he call you?
Didn't he need you bad enough?
Did you not write it down?
Where were you?
And didn't he pray too?
The taxis pulled up on the very day of.
They rode 100 floors up just to come back down they never thought they'd see the day.
That the towers up in flames.
There was nothing left to say when it all came down and didn't they call you?
Didn't they need you bad enough?
Where were you? Where were you?
And didn't they pray too?
I walk to school and I wear a cross I'm counting every day.
I got a little thing I call self control 'Cause I get a little crazy.
When I let too much go loves a little messy and you are too.
Right now Im scared of both of you I laugh and I play and I wasnt gonna stray.
Swore Id never let a man in my way youre the last thing I needed today.
And I dont know.
Where I lost control and couldnt take it any longer.
Must have been somewhere between.
Your smile and the way you say my name I cant win so I give in.
The more I fight it just gets stronger youre an inconvenient kind of satisfaction.
Welcome distraction, welcome distraction.
Gone and spilled my coffee.
Tryna get to the phone.
'Cause it might be you you just never know.
Cant talk to my friends.
Without you coming up.
Its even kind of cute.
The way you cuss.
I wrote your name down A hundred thousand times.
'Cause it looks so good.
Right next to mine.
Youre the last thing I needed tonight.
Welcome distraction Im acting like a girl with nothing to lose.
When did I stop caring about anything but you.
Welcome distraction, welcome distraction oh oh.
There you are standing there looking like you don't know what to say.
But I know that face.
And here I am bracing myself for what I know is coming my way.
What a waste.
For all of that time, I thought you were mine was I just kidding myself?
Letting it go and loving you so.
Don't you dare tell me not to look at you like that.
I'm gonna look at you like that I'm gonna hang my head and turn my back.
To your sneak attack If it's the last thing that I do.
I'm gonna make this hard on you.
While I look at you like that don't you say.
That we can still be friends, it doesn't work that way.
The end is the end and don't you dare think.
That I'll pack up all my tears and take them home and cry them out when I'm alone.
I'll do it right here, I'm crying right now you come and you can watch me crumble down.
That's for breaking my heart, so, baby, don't start thinking you can ask me not to look at you like that.
Don't you tell me to be strong.
Or make it harder than it has to be.
After you are gone.
You'll remember what you've done to me.
'Cause I'm gonna look at you like that gonna hang my head and turn my back.
After what you put me through I'm gonna have to let you know.
How much it hurts to let you go.
Gonna look at you like that.
Look at you, look at you, look at you like that your hands make the best kind of cradle.
Should have been different but It wasn't different, was it.
Same old story, dear john.
And so long.
Should have fit like a glove.
Should have fit like a ring like a diamond ring.
A token of true love should have all worked out.
But it didn't.
She should be here now but she isn't.
There's your trouble.
You keep seeing double with the wrong one.
You can't see I love you you can't see she doesn't.
But you just keep holding on so now you're thinking 'bout.
All you're missing how.
Deep you're sinking.
Round and round and dragging down.
Why don't you cash in your chips why don't you call it a loss.
Not such a big loss chalk it up better luck.
Could have been true love.
But it wasn't It should all add up.
But it doesn't.
American boy, living life as it goes.
Sittin' on the fence posts.
Living in the lie american boy, living in the real world.
Trying just to get the girl.
Trying to survive.
The simple things in life are always new growing up on Sam Hill avenue.
Mama makes her cookies and daddy's just.
the greatest living hero that ever was nothing in the world can ever once destroy.
the hope of an american boy.
Living off of bar tips, trying for relationships.
looking for the love suddenly rise, an american beauty.
suddenly he cheats, sent from above the dream of an american boy.
American boy, raising little babies hearing daddy maybe, I'll be like you.
Suddenly life, seems just like a new dawn that's grown up, american boy.
growing up on Grandview avenue nothing in the world will ever once destroy.
No, nothing in the world will ever once destroy I heard a song tonight on the radio.
Another girl sings about a boy.
Just sees his face in every space in every room.
And i know that if i turn around you won't be there.
If i close my eyes will you be there?
I don't wanna lose your face and i don't wanna wake one day.
And not remember what time erased.
And i don't wanna turn around coz i'm not scared.
Of what love gave me and took away.
And i don't wanna lose your face I've got a picture of you in my bedroom.
And i hope it never falls and i hope i never lose that feeling.
I used to get when you would call and now i wonder to myself.
Who were you and where are you?
Were you ever here at all?
That girl in the song had it so good I wish i could close my eyes and see you.
I wish the sky had your face and the oceans had your eyes.
And the sunset had your lips.
And i had you.
Days go by, I wonder if you here me don't you wonder why.
I'm spinning around, I'm spinning around.
Love's got me tangled, tired me too no sign of a wall, sign of wall.
Move it or shake it.
She sees his face In every space.
Every room and I know if I turn around you won't be there If I close my eyes will you be there?
And I don't wanna wake up one day.
And I don't wanna turn around 'Cause I'm not scared.
And I don't wanna lose your face and I hope it never falls.
I hope I never lose that feeling.
And now I wonder to myself who were you? Where are you?
I wish I could close my eyes and see you.
And I had you.
I don't wanna wake up one day I don't wanna turn around.
But it's something i just fell into and it was over-rated.
But just look what i've created I came out alive but i'm black and blue-ue.
Before you ask me if i'm alright.
Think about what i.
Had to do-oo, yeah.
Wake up and smell the break-up another mess i didn't plan.
And i'll bet, you thought you'd beat me.
I've got an i heart question mark.
I'd be fine if you just walked by you were wrong and i was right.
But i can't believe you made me sit at home and cry like a baby.
And now you ask about you and i.
There's no you and i I had to.
Fix my heart put on my make-up I wish you'd could only see.
I got an i heart question mark.
And when you're home alone at night.
You'll still wonder.
Why you took everything i had, oh baby I had a lot about you and i.
And i know.
Someday you will It didn't go the way you planed.
An i heart question mark, yeah.
Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood.
Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!
I can't take it back, look where I'm at we was OG like D.O.C., remember that?
I don't hate you, but I hate to critique, overrate you.
No, I don't fear no more better yet, respect ain't quite sincere no more.
And, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!
Remember when you tried to write me off?
Don't you remember? You thought that I would need ya follow procedure, remember? Oh, wait, you got amnesia.
It was my season for battle wounds battle scars, body bumped, bruised.
Band-Aids don't fix bullet holes you live like that, you live with ghosts.
If you love like that, blood runs cold and sometimes I think of you late at night.
I want to be somewhere where you are you're here, your eyes are looking into mine.
So baby come hold me tight cause I-I.
Eyes, eyes... beautiful eyes I don't need a lot, but there's one thing love has taught me.
It's to never expect too much don't need a believable touch.
I just need you.
Don't need mine, I found mine.
Why should we be wasting time?
You don't know what you missed I looked into your eyes like this.
And you should be in front of me seeing everything I see looking at you.
Check out this view think of a quiet beach.
Think of how the waves crash down.
Think about a summer's eve.
No offense to them but they ain't got nothing you walk in a room.
In the light or in the dark.
Well, nothing shadows who you are and you don't know what you missed.
I look into your eyes like this.
You should be in front of me I look outside the window.
Everyday, see something new but all I ever wanted was a window looking at you.
At you I walked through the door with you, the air was cold but something 'bout it felt like home somehow.
And I left my scarf there at your sister's house and you've still got it in your drawer even now.
Oh, your sweet disposition and my wide-eyed gaze.
We're singing in the car, getting lost Upstate.
Autumn leaves falling down like pieces into place.
And I can picture it after all these days.
And I know it's long gone and that magic's not here no more.
And I might be okay but I'm not fine at all.
'Cause there we are again on that little town street you almost ran the red 'cause you were looking over at me.
Wind in my hair, I was there, I remember it all too well.
Photo album on the counter, your cheeks were turning red.
You used to be a little kid with glasses in a twin sized bed.
And your mother's telling stories about you on a tee ball team you taught me 'bout your past, thinking your future was me.
And there was nothing else I could do and I forget about you long enough.
To forget why I needed to 'Cause there we are again in the middle of the night.
We're dancing around the kitchen in the refrigerator light down the stairs, I was there, I remember it all too well, yeah.
Well, maybe we got lost in translation, maybe I asked for too much.
But maybe this thing was a masterpiece 'til you tore it all up running scared, I was there, I remember it all too well.
Hey, you call me up again just to break me like a promise.
So casually cruel in the name of being honest I'm a crumpled up piece of paper lying here.
'Cause I remember it all, all, all... too well time won't fly, it's like I'm paralyzed by it.
I'd like to be my old self again, but I'm still trying to find it after plaid shirt days and nights when you made me your own.
Now you mail back my things and I walk home alone.
But you keep my old scarf from that very first week 'Cause it reminds you of innocence and it smells like me.
You can't get rid of it 'cause you remember it all too well, yeah 'Cause there we are again, when I loved you so.
Back before you lost the one real thing you've ever known.
It was rare, I was there, I remember it all too well wind in my hair, you were there, you remember it all.
Down the stairs, you were there, you remember it all.
I find myself at your door just like all those times before.
I'm not sure how I got there.
All roadsthey lead me here.
I imagine you are home In your room, all alone.
And you open your eyes into mine and everything feels better.
and right before your eyes I'm breaking, no past.
No reasons why.
Just you and me.
This is the last time I'm asking you this put my name at the top of your list.
This is the last time I'm asking you why.
You break my heart in the blink of an eye, eye, eye.
You find yourself at my door.
You wear your best apology but I was there to watch you leave.
And all the times I let you in.
Just for you to go again disappear when you come back.
Everything is better.
I'm aching, no past.
Nowhere to hide.
This is the last time you tell me I've got it wrong.
This is the last time I say it's been you all along this is the last time I let you in my door.
This is the last time, I won't hurt you anymore you break my heart in the blink of an eye.
This is the last time I'm asking you.
Last time I'm asking you.
Last time I'm asking you this.
Long handwritten note deep in your pocket.
Words, how little they mean when you're a little too late.
I stood right by the tracks, your face in a locket good girls, hopeful they'll be and long they will wait.
We had a beautiful magic love there.
What a sad beautiful tragic love affair.
In dreams I meet you in warm conversation.
We both wake in lonely beds, different cities and time is taking its sweet time erasing you.
And you've got your demons, and, darling, they all look like me.
'Cause we had a beautiful magic love there distance, timing, breakdown, fighting.
Silence, the train runs off its tracks.
Kiss me, try to fix it, could you just try to listen?
Hang up, give up and for the life of us we can't get back.
A beautiful magic love there.
What a sad beautiful tragic, beautiful tragic, beautiful.
And we had a beautiful magic love there I remember when we broke up the first time.
Saying, "This is it, I've had enough," 'cause like.
We hadn't seen each other in a month when you said you needed space.
Then you come around again and say "Baby, I miss you and I swear I'm gonna change, trust me.".
Remember how that lasted for a day?
I say, "I hate you," we break up, you call me, "I love you." ooh, we called it off again last night.
But ooh, this time I'm telling you, I'm telling you.
We are never ever ever getting back together you go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me.
But we are never ever ever ever getting back together like, ever I'm really gonna miss you picking fights.
And me falling for it screaming that I'm right and you would hide away and find your peace of mind.
With some indie record that's much cooler than mine ooh, you called me up again tonight.
We are never, ever, ever getting back together.
Ooh, yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah oh oh oh.
I used to think that we were forever ever and I used to say, "Never say never...".
Uggg... so he calls me up and he's like, "I still love you," and I'm like... "I just... I mean this is exhausting, you know, like.
We are never getting back together. Like, ever".
No! we, ooh, getting back together, ohhh.
We, ooh, getting back together all I knew this morning when I woke.
Is I know something now, know something now I didn't before.
And all I've seen since eighteen hours ago Is green eyes and freckles and your smile.
In the back of my mind making me feel like I just wanna know you better, know you better, know you better now.
I just wanna know you, know you, know you.
'Cause all I know is we said, "Hello." and your eyes look like coming home.
All I know is a simple name.
Everything has changed.
All I know is you held the door you'll be mine and I'll be yours.
All I know since yesterday is everything has changed and all my walls stood tall painted blue.
And I'll take them down, take them down and open up the door for you and all I feel in my stomach is butterflies.
The beautiful kind, making up for lost time taking flight, making me feel right.
Taking flight, making me feel right like and you'll be mine and I'll be yours.
Come back and tell me why I'm feeling like I've missed you all this time, oh, oh, oh.
And meet me there tonight.
And let me know that it's not all in my mind.
All I know is we said, "Hello." so dust off your highest hopes.
All I know is pouring rain and everything has changed.
All I know is a new found grace.
All my days I'll know your face loving him is like driving a new Maserati down a dead-end street.
Faster than the wind, passionate as sin, ending so suddenly.
Loving him is like trying to change your mind once you're already flying through the free fall like the colors in autumn, so bright just before they lose it all.
Losing him was blue like I'd never known.
Missing him was dark grey all alone forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never met.
But loving him was red loving him was red.
Touching him was like realizing all you ever wanted was right there in front of you.
Memorizing him was as easy as knowing all the words to your old favorite song.
Fighting with him was like trying to solve a crossword and realizing there's no right answer.
Regretting him was like wishing you never found out that love could be that strong oh, red burning red remembering him comes in flashbacks and echoes.
Tell myself it's time now, gotta let go but moving on from him is impossible.
When I still see it all in my head In burning red.
Burning, it was red.
Oh, losing him was blue like I'd never known 'Cause loving him was red.
Yeah, yeah, red we're burning red.
And that's why he's spinnin' 'round in my head.
Comes back to me, burning red yeah, yeah his love was like driving a new Maserati down a dead-end street.
I think - I think when it's all over.
It just comes back in flashes, you know?
It's like a kaleidoscope of memories.
It just all comes back. But he never does.
I think part of me knew the second I saw him that this would happen.
It's not really anything he said or anything he did It was the feeling that came along with it.
And the crazy thing is I don't know if I'm ever gonna feel that way again but I don't know if I should.
I knew his world moved too fast and burned too bright.
But I just thought, how can the devil be pulling you toward someone who looks so much like an angel when he smiles at you?
Maybe he knew that when he saw me.
I guess I just lost my balance.
I think that the worst part of it all wasn't losing him It was losing me.
Once upon a time, a few mistakes ago.
No apologies. He'll never see you cry.
Pretends he doesn't know that he's the reason why you're drowning, you're drowning, you're drowning.
Now I heard you moved on from whispers on the street A new notch in your belt is all I'll ever be.
And now I see, now I see, now I see.
He was long gone when he met me and I realize the joke is on me, yeah!
That you never loved me or her, or anyone, or anything, yeah.
I don't know if you know who you are until you lose who you are.
I'm pretty sure we almost broke up last night.
I threw my phone across the room at you.
I was expecting some dramatic turn-away.
But you stayed.
This morning I said we should talk about it.
'Cause I read you should never leave a fight unresolved.
That's when you came in wearing a football helmet and said, "Okay, let's talk.".
Stay, stay, stay.
I've been lovin' you for quite some time, time, time.
You think that it's funny when I'm mad, mad, mad but I think that it's best if we both stay.
Before you I'd only dated self-indulgent takers.
Who took all of their problems out on me.
But you carry my groceries, and now I'm always laughin' and I love you because you have given me no choice but to.
But I think that it's best if we both stay, stay, stay, stay.
You took the time to memorize me.
My fears, my hopes, and dreams I just like hangin' out with you all the time.
All those times that you didn't leave It's been occurring to me I'd like to hang out with you for my whole life.
Stay and I'll be loving you for quite some time no one else is gonna love me, when I get mad, mad, mad.
So I think that it's best if we both stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay but I think that it's best if we both stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay.
That's so fun!
You said it in a simple way.
4 AM, the second day.
How strange that I don't know you at all stumbled through the long goodbye.
One last kiss, then catch your flight.
Right when I was just about to fall I told myself, "Don't get attached,".
But in my mind I play it back spinning faster than the plane that took you.
And this is when the feeling sinks in.
I don't wanna miss you like this.
Come back... be here, come back... be here.
I guess you're in New York today I don't wanna need you this way.
The delicate beginning rush.
The feeling you can know so much without knowing anything at all.
And now that I can't put this down.
If I had known what I'd known now I never would have played so nonchalant.
Taxi cabs and busy streets that never bring you back to me.
I can't help but wish you took me with you I guess you're in London today.
This is falling in love in the cruelest way this is falling for you when you are worlds away.
New York... be here but you're in London and I break down.
'Cause it's not fair that you're not around this is when the feeling sinks in.
And I don't wanna need you this way.
Come back... be here put your lips close to mine.
As long as they don't touch out of focus, eye to eye.
Till the gravity's too much and I'll do anything you say.
If you say it with your hands.
And I'd be smart to walk away.
But you're quicksand.
This slope is treacherous.
This path is reckless and I, I, I like it.
I can't decide if it's a choice.
Getting swept away.
I hear the sound of my own voice asking you to stay.
And all we are is skin and bone.
Trained to get along.
Forever going with the flow.
But you're friction.
I, I, I like it two headlights shine through the sleepless night.
And I will get you aget you alone.
Your name has echoed through my mind.
And I just think you should, think you should know.
That nothing safe is worth the drive and I would follow you, follow you home.
I'll follow you, follow you home this hope is treacherous.
This daydream is dangerous.
I, I, I... I, I, I... I, I, I and I will get you, I'll get you alone.
I was reminiscing just the other day while having coffee all alone and Lord, it took me away.
Back to a first-glance feeling on New York Time back when you fit in my poems like a perfect rhyme.
Took off faster than a green light "Go" yeah, you skipped the conversation when you already know.
I left a note on the door with a joke wed made.
And that was the first day and darling, it was good never looking down.
And right there where we stood was holy ground spinning like a girl in a brand new dress.
We had this big wide city all to ourselves.
We blocked the noise with the sound of I need you and for the first time I had something to lose.
And I guess we fell apart in the usual way.
And the storys got dust on every page.
But sometimes I wonder how you think about it now.
And I see your face in every crowd cause darling, it was good never looking down.
Tonight Im gonna dance for all that weve been through.
But I dont wanna dance if Im not dancing with you tonight Im gonna dance like you were in this room.
It was good never looking down I bet this time of night you're still up.
I bet you're tired from a long hard week.
I bet you're sitting in your chair by the window looking out at the city and I bet sometimes you wonder about me.
And I just wanna tell you.
It takes everything in me not to call you and I wish I could run to you.
And I hope you know that every time I don't.
I almost do.
I bet you think I either moved on or hate you.
'Cause each time you reach out there's no reply.
I bet it never ever occurred to you that I can't say "Hello" to you and risk another goodbye.
Oh, we made quite a mess, babe.
It's probably better off this way.
And I confess, babe.
In my dreams you're touching my face and asking me if I wanna try again with you.
And I almost do.
And I hope sometimes you wonder about me you should've been there.
Should've burst through the door.
With that 'baby I'm right here' smile and it would've felt like.
A million little shining stars had just aligned and I would've been so happy.
Christmas lights glisten I've got my eye on the door.
Just waiting for you to walk in but the time is ticking.
People ask me how I've been as I comb back through my memory.
How you said you'd be here you said you'd be here.
And it was like slow motion.
Standing there in my party dress In red lipstick.
With no one to impress.
And they're all laughing.
As I'm looking around the room but there's one thing missing.
And that was the moment I knew and the hours pass by.
Now I just wanna be alone.
But your close friends always seem to know.
When there's something really wrong.
So they follow me down the hall and there in the bathroom.
I try not to fall apart and the sinking feeling starts.
As I say hopelessly.
"He said he'd be here." and asking me about you.
But there was one thing missing what do you say.
When tears are streaming down your face In front of everyone you know?
And what do you do when the one.
Who means the most to you Is the one who didn't show?
You should've been here and they're all standing around me singing.
"Happy birthday to you".
Ooh, I knew ooh you called me later.
And said, "I'm sorry, I didn't make it," and I said, "I'm sorry too,".
I said, "Oh my, what a marvelous tune".
It was the best night, never would forget how he moved the whole place was dressed to the nines.
And we were dancing, dancing.
Like we're made of starlight.
I met Bobby on the boardwalk, summer of '45 picked me up late one night out the window.
We were 17 and crazy, running wild, wild can't remember what song it was playing when we walked in.
The night we snuck into a yacht club party pretending to be a duchess and a prince.
And I said, "Oh my, what a marvelous tune.".
Like we're made of starlight, starlight.
He said, "Look at you, worrying too much about things you can't change you'll spend your whole life singing the blues if you keep thinking that way.".
He was trying to skip rocks on the ocean, saying to me "Don't you see the starlight, starlight?
Don't you dream impossible things?".
Like "Oh my, what a marvelous tune." ooh ooh he's talking crazy.
Ooh ooh dancing with me.
Ooh ooh we could get married have ten kids and teach them how to dream.
Oh my, what a marvelous tune like we dream impossible dreams.
Like starlight, starlight.
Don't you see the starlight, starlight?
Don't you dream impossible things?
New to town with a made up name in the angel's city.
Chasing fortune and fame.
And the camera flashes, make it look like a dream you had it figured out since you were in school.
Everybody loves pretty, everybody loves cool so overnight you look like a sixties queen.
Another name goes up in lights, like diamonds in the sky and theyll tell you now, youre the lucky one.
Yeah, theyll tell you now, youre the lucky one but can you tell me now, youre the lucky one, oh, oh, oh.
Now its big black cars, and Riviera views.
And your lover in the foyer doesn't even know you.
And your secrets end up splashed on the news front page.
And they tell you that youre lucky but youre so confused.
'Cause you dont feel pretty, you just feel used.
And all the young things line up to take your place another name goes up in lights. You wonder if youll make it out alive.
Can you tell me now, youre the lucky one, oh, oh, oh.
It was a few years later, I showed up here.
And they still tell the legend of how you disappeared how you took the money and your dignity, and got the hell out.
They say you bought a bunch of land somewhere.
Chose the Rose Garden over Madison Square.
And it took some time, but I understand it now cause now my name is up in lights, but I think you got it right.
Let me tell you now, youre the lucky one.
Let me tell you now, youre the lucky one, oh, oh, oh yeah theyll tell you now, youre the lucky one.
And theyll tell you now, youre the lucky one, oh, oh, oh oh, whoa, oh, oh.
And I will get you, and get you alone.
That nothing safe is worth the drive and I would.
Follow you, follow you home that nothing safe is worth the drive and I will.
I'm walking fast through the traffic lights.
Busy streets and busy lives and all we know.
Is touch and go.
We are alone with our changing minds.
We fall in love 'til it hurts or bleeds or fades in time and I never  saw you coming.
And I'll never  be the same.
You come around and the armor falls pierce the room like a cannonball.
Now all we know.
Is don't let go.
We are alone, just you and me.
Up in your room and our slates are clean.
Just twin fire signs four blue eyes.
So you were never a saint and I've loved in shades of wrong.
We learn to live with the pain.
Mosaic broken hearts.
But this love is brave and wild.
This is a state of grace.
This is the worthwhile fight love is a ruthless game.
Unless you play it good and right these are the hands of fate.
You're my Achilles heel this is the golden age of something good and right and real.
And I'll never.
(So you were never a saint I've loved in shades of wrong).
Be the same (We learn to live with the pain.
But this love is brave and wild) now all we know is don't let go.
And Ive loved in shades of wrong.
And I never   saw you coming.
It was the best night, never would forget how we moved he said, "Look at you worrying too much about things you can't change.
He was tryna skip rocks on the ocean, saying to me.
Ooh, ooh, he's talking crazy.
Ooh, ooh, dancing with me ooh, ooh, we could get married.
Took a deep breath in the mirror.
He didn't like it when I wore high heels but I do.
Turn the lock and put my headphones on.
He always said he didn't get this song.
But I do, I do walked in expecting you'd be late.
But you got here early and you stand and wave I walk to you.
You pull my chair out and help me in.
And you don't know how nice that is.
And you throw your head back laughing like a little kid I think it's strange that you think I'm funny 'cause he never did.
I've been spending the last eight months thinking all love ever does is break and burn and end.
But on a Wednesday in a cafe I watched it begin again you said you never met one girl.
Who had as many James Taylor records as you we tell stories and you don't know why.
I'm coming off a little shy but you throw your head back laughing like a little kid.
And we walked down the block to my car and I almost brought him up.
But you start to talk about the movies that your family watches every single Christmas and I want to talk about that.
And for the first time what's past is past.
'Cause you throw your head back laughing like a little kid It feels like a perfect night to dress up like hipsters.
And make fun of our exes, uh uh, uh uh.
It feels like a perfect night for breakfast at midnight.
To fall in love with strangers, uh uh, uh uh.
We're happy, free, confused, and lonely at the same time It's miserable and magical.
Tonight's the night when we forget about the deadlines.
It's time uh oh! I don't know about you.
But I'm feeling 22.
Everything will be alright.
If you keep me next to you.
You don't know about me but I'll bet you want to.
If we just keep dancing like we're.
22, ooh-ooh It seems like one of those nights.
This place is too crowded.
Too many cool kids, uh uh, uh uh.
We ditch the whole scene and end up dreaming.
Instead of sleeping we're happy, free, confused, and lonely in the best way.
Tonight's the night when we forget about the heartbreaks.
It feels like one of those nights.
We ditch the whole scene.
We won't be sleeping you look like bad news.
I gotta have you ooh-ooh ooh-ooh, ye-e-e-e-eah, hey.
22, ooh-ooh, yeah, yeah 22, ooh-ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think--I think when it's all over don't look at me.
You've got a girl at home.
And everybody knows that everybody knows that.
Uh, uh I don't even know her but I feel a responsibility.
To do what's upstanding and right It's kinda like a code, yeah.
And you've been getting closer and closer.
And crossing so many lines.
And it would be a fine proposition If I was a stupid girl.
But honey I am no-one's exception.
This I have previously learned so don't look at me.
I see you turn off your phone.
And now you got me alone and I say.
I just wanna make sure.
You understand perfectly you're the kind of man who makes me sad.
While she waits up.
You chase down the newest thing.
And take for granted what you have.
And yeah I might go with it.
If I hadn't once been just like her.
And now you've got me alone call a cab.
Lose my number.
You're about to lose your girl.
Let's consider this lesson learned wanna see you pick up your phone.
And tell her you're coming home.
It would be a fine proposition we both wake in lonely beds in different cities.
Silence, this train runs off its tracks.
Hang up, give up, for the life of us we can't get back.
What we had  a beautiful magic love there.
She can't see the way your eyes.
Light up when you smile she'll never notice how you stop and stare.
Whenever she walks by and you can't see me wantin' you the way you want her.
But you are everything to me.
And I just wanna show you she don't even know you.
She's never gonna love you like I want to and you just see right through me.
But if you only knew me we could be a beautiful.
Miracle unbelievable Instead of just invisible there's a fire inside of you.
That can't help but shine through.
She's never gonna see the light no matter what you do.
And all I think about is how to make you think of me.
And everything that we could be.
I just wanna show you like shadows in a faded light.
Oh, we're invisible.
I just wanna open your eyes.
And make you realize baby, let me love you.
Let me want you.
You just see right through me drew looks at me.
I fake a smile so he won't see that I want and I'm needing.
Everything that we should be I'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about.
And she's got everything that I have to live without drew talks to me.
I laugh 'cause it's just so funny that I can't even see.
Anyone when he's with me.
He says he's so in love, he's finally got it right I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night.
He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar the only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star.
He's the song in the car I keep singing. Don't know why I do.
Drew walks by me.
Can he tell that I can't breathe?
And there he goes, so perfectly the kind of flawless I wish I could be.
She better hold him tight, give him all her love.
Look in those beautiful eyes and know she's lucky 'cause.
So, I drive home alone.
As I turn out the light.
I'll put his picture down.
And maybe get some sleep tonight 'Cause he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar.
The only one who's got enough of me to break my heart he's the time taken up, but there's never enough.
And he's all that I need to fall into.
Friday night beneath the stars In a field behind your yard.
You and I are paintin' pictures in the sky and sometimes we don't say a thing.
Just listen to the crickets sing.
Everything I need is right here by my side and I know everything about you.
I don't wanna live without you I'm only up when you're not down.
Don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground It's like no matter what I do.
Well, you drive me crazy half the time.
The other half I'm only tryna let you know that what I feel is true and I'm only me when I'm with you.
Just a small town boy and girl livin' in a crazy world.
Tryna figure out what is and isn't true and I don't try to hide my tears.
The secrets or my deepest fears.
Through it all nobody gets me like you do and you know everything about me.
You say that you can't live without me.
When I'm with anybody else.
It's so hard to be myself and only you can tell.
...That I'm only up when you're not down and I'm only me.
Who I wanna be.
Well, I'm only me when I'm with you with you she said, I was seven and you were nine.
I looked at you like the stars that shined.
In the sky, the pretty lights.
And our daddies used to joke about the two of us growing up and falling in love and our mamas smiled.
And rolled their eyes and said oh my my my.
Take me back to the house in the backyard tree.
Said you'd beat me up, you were bigger than me you never did, you never did.
Take me back when our world was one block wide.
I dared you to kiss me and ran when you tried just two kids, you and I.
Oh my my my my well, I was sixteen when suddenly.
I wasn't that little girl you used to see.
But your eyes still shined like pretty lights.
They never believed we'd really fall in love.
And our mamas smiled and rolled their eyes and said oh my my my.
Take me back to the creek beds we turned up.
Two A.M. riding in your truck and all I need is you next to me.
Take me back to the time we had our very first fight the slamming of doors instead of kissing goodnight.
You stayed outside till the morning light A few years had gone and come around.
We were sitting at our favorite spot in town.
And you looked at me, got down on one knee.
Take me back to the time when we walked down the aisle.
Our whole town came and our mamas cried you said I do and I did too.
Take me home where we met so many years before we'll rock our babies on that very front porch.
After all this time, you and I I'll be eighty-seven you'll be eighty-nine.
I'll still look at you like the stars that shine In the sky, oh my my my.
I don't know what I want, so don't ask me cause I'm still trying to figure it out.
Don't know what's down this road, I'm just walking trying to see through the rain coming down.
Even though I'm not the only one who feels the way I do.
I'm alone, on my own, and that's all I know I'll be strong, I'll be wrong, oh but life goes on.
Oh, I'm just a girl, trying to find a place in this world.
Got the radio on, my old blue jeans and I'm wearing my heart on my sleeve.
Feeling lucky today, got the sunshine.
Could you tell me what more do I need.
And tomorrow's just a mystery, oh yeah.
But that's ok maybe I'm just a girl on a mission.
But I'm ready to fly.
Oh I'm alone, on my own, and that's all I know.
Oh I'm just a girl, trying to find a place in this world oh I'm just a girl.
Oh I'm just a girl, oh, oh.
Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart?
Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart,now?
Why would you wanna make the very first scar?
Maybe I should've seen the signs, should've read the writing on the wall and realized by the distance in your eyes that I would be the one to fall.
No matter what you say, I still can't believe.
That you would walk away.
It don't make sense to me, but.
Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart, now?
It's not unbroken anymore.
How do I get it back the way it was before?
Why would you wanna break, would you wanna break a state the obvious, I didn't get my perfect fantasy.
I realize you love yourself more than you could ever love me.
So go and tell your friends that I'm obsessive and crazy that's fine I'll tell mine that you're gay!
That's fine you won't mind if I say.
I hate that stupid old pickup truck you never let me drive.
You're a redneck heartbreak who's really bad at lying.
So watch me strike a match.
On all my wasted time.
As far as I'm concerned you're.
Just another picture to burn!
There's no time for tears I'm just sitting here planning my revenge.
There's nothing stopping me.
From going out with all of your best friends and if you come around saying sorry to me.
My daddy's gonna show you how sorry you'll be.
And if you're missing me.
You'd better keep it to yourself.
'Cause coming back around here would be bad for your health.
'Cause I hate that stupid old pickup truck.
In case you haven't heard I really really hate that.
Burn, burn, burn, baby, burn.
You're just another picture to burn.
Baby, burn seems the only one who doesn't see your beauty.
Is the face in the mirror looking back at you you walk around here thinking you're not pretty.
But that's not true 'cause I know you hold on, baby, you're losing it.
The water's high, you're jumping into it.
And letting go.
And no one knows.
That you cry, but you don't tell anyone that you might not be the golden one.
And you're tied together with a smile.
But you're coming undone I guess it's true that love was all you wanted.
'Cause you're giving it away like it's extra change.
Hoping it will end up in his pocket.
But he leaves you out like a penny in the rain.
Oh, 'cause it's not his price to pay It's not his price to pay.
You're tied together with a smile.
Goodbye, baby with a smile, baby, baby.
You have a way of coming easily to me and when you take, you take the very best of me.
So I start a fight cause I need to feel something and you do what you want cause I'm not what you wanted.
Oh what a shame, what a rainy ending given to a perfect day just walk away, no use defending words that you will never say.
And now that I'm sitting here thinking it through I've never been anywhere cold as you.
You put up walls and paint them all a shade of gray.
And I stood there loving you and wished them all away and you come away with a great little story.
Of a mess of a dreamer with the nerve to adore you.
You never did give a damn thing honey but I cried, cried for you.
And I know you wouldn't have told nobody if I died, died for you every smile you fake is so condescending.
Counting all the scars you made I was riding shotgun.
With my hair undone.
In the front seat of his car.
He's got a one-hand feel on the steering wheel.
The other on my heart I look around, turn the radio down.
He says, "Baby is something wrong?".
I say, "Nothing.
I was just thinking.
How we don't have a song.".
And he says our song is the slamming screen door.
Sneakin' out late, tapping on your window.
When we're on the phone and you talk real slow 'Cause it's late and your mama don't know.
Our song is the way you laugh the first date "Man, I didn't kiss her, when I should have.".
And when I got home ... 'fore I said, "Amen.".
Asking God if he could play it again I was walking up.
The front porch steps after everything that day.
Had gone all wrong.
And been trampled on and lost and thrown away.
Got to the hallway.
Well, on my way to my lovin' bed.
I almost didn't notice.
All the roses.
And the note that said,.
I've heard every album, listened to the radio.
Waited for something to come along that was as good as our song.
'Cause our song is the slamming screen door.
Sneakin' out late, tapping on his window.
When we're on the phone and he talks real slow 'Cause it's late and his mama don't know.
Our song is the way he laughs the first date "Man, I didn't kiss him, when I should have.".
Play it again.
Oh-oh, yeah I grabbed a pen and an old napkin.
And I wrote down our song cory's eyes are like a jungle.
He smiles, it's like the radio he whispers songs into my window.
In words that nobody knows.
There's pretty girls on every corner.
That watch him as he's walking home saying, "Does he know?".
Will you ever know?
You're beautiful every little piece love.
And don't you know.
You're really gonna be someone.
Ask anyone and when you find everything you looked for I hope your life lead you back to my door.
Oh, but if it don't.
Stay beautiful cory finds another way to be.
The highlight of my day I'm taking pictures in my mind.
So I can save them for a rainy day It's hard to make a conversation.
When he's taking my breath away.
I should say, hey, by the way.
If you and I are a story.
That never gets told If what you are is a daydream.
I'll never get to hold.
At least you'll know I hope your life lead you back to my front door.
Will you stay beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Na, na, na, na, na.
Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see that I want and I'm needing everything that we should be.
Drew talks to me, I laugh 'cause it's just so funny.
Drew talks to me, I laugh 'cause it's so damn funny that I can't even see anyone when he's with me.
He's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do.
Drew walks by me, can he tell that I can't breathe?
So I drive home alone.
I hope your life leads you back to my door.
I hope your life leads you back to my front door she cant see the way your eyes.
Shell never notice how you stop and stare.
And you cant see me wantin' you the way you want her.
She dont even know you.
If you only knew me theres a fire inside of you.
That cant help but shine through shes never gonna see the light.
Oh, were invisible.
He said the way my blue eyes shined.
Put those Georgia stars to shame that night I said, "That's a lie".
Just a boy in a Chevy truck.
That had a tendency of gettin' stuck on back roads at night.
And I was right there beside him all summer long and then the time we woke up to find that summer gone.
But when you think Tim McGraw.
I hope you think my favorite song the one we danced to all night long.
The moon like a spotlight on the lake when you think happiness.
I hope you think that little black dress think of my head on your chest.
And my old faded blue jeans.
When you think Tim McGraw.
I hope you think of me.
September saw a month of tears.
And thankin' God that you weren't here to see me like that.
But in a box beneath my bed.
Is a letter that you never read.
From three summers back It's hard not to find it all a little bitter sweet.
And lookin' back on all of that, it's nice to believe.
And I'm back for the first time since then.
I'm standin' on your street.
And there's a letter left on your doorstep and the first thing that you'll read is.
Someday you'll turn your radio on I hope it takes you back to that place.
Oh, think of me.
Mmmm I didn't know what I would find when I went looking for a reason.
I know I didn't read between the lines and, baby, I've got nowhere to go.
I tried to take the road less traveled by but nothing seems to work the first few times.
Am I right?
So how can I ever try to be better?
Nobody ever lets me in I can still see you.
This ain't the best view.
On the outside looking in and I've been a lot of lonely places.
I've never been on the outside you saw me there, but never knew.
That I would give it all up to be A part of this, a part of you.
And now it's all too late. So you see.
You could've helped if you had wanted to but no one notices until it's too late to do anything.
And I can still see you I said, "That's a lie.".
But that's not true, cause I know you and letting go... and no one knows.
Cause you're giving it away like it's extra change.
Oh, cause it's not his price to pay.
Not his price to pay but you're coming undone... oh.
So I start a fight 'cause I need to feel something and you do what you want 'cause I'm not what you wanted.
Oh, what a shame, what a rainy ending given to a perfect day.
So, just walk away, no use defending words that you will never say.
You never did give a damn thing, honey, but I cried, cried for you.
And I know you wouldn't have told nobody if I died, died for you, died for you.
Every smile you fake is so condescending counting all the scars you made in a field behind your yard.
you and I are paintin' pictures in the sky just listen to the crickets sing.
Well you drive me crazy half the time the other half I'm only trying to let you know that what I feel is true.
livin' in a crazy world.
Tryin' to figure out what is and isn't true when I'm with anybody else it's so hard to be myself.
Only you can tell.
That I'm only up when you're not down.
Uh huh It's strange to think the songs we used to sing the smiles, the flowers, everything is gone.
Yesterday I found out about you.
Even now just looking at you feels wrong you say that you'd take it all back, given one chance.
It was a moment of weakness and you said, "Yes.".
You should've said "No", you should've gone home.
You should've thought twice 'fore you let it all go.
You should've known that word, with what you did with her.
Get back to me  and I should've been there in the back of your mind.
I shouldn't be asking myself, "Why?" you shouldn't be begging for forgiveness at my feet.
You should've said "No", baby, and you might still have me.
You can see that I've been crying baby, you know all the right things to say.
But do you honestly expect me to believe.
We could ever be the same?
You say that the past is the past, you need one chance.
I can't resist before you go, tell me this.
Was it worth it?
Was she worth this?
No... no, no, no.
When I went looking for a reason, I know.
I didn't read between the lines I can still see you, this ain't the best view.
I've been a lot of lonely places I would give it all up to be.
And now it's all too late so you see.
But no one notices until it's too.
Late to do anything.
You should've known that word 'Bout what you did with her'd.
And baby, you know all the right things to say.
I used to think one day we'd tell the story of us.
How we met and the sparks flew instantly and people would say, "They're the lucky ones.".
I used to know my place was the spot next to you now I'm searching the room for an empty seat.
'Cause lately I don't even know what page you're on oh, a simple complication.
Miscommunications lead to fall-out.
So many things that I wish you knew so many walls up I can't break through.
Now I'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking and I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah?
I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down and the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
Next chapter how'd we end up this way?
See me nervously pulling at my clothes and trying to look busy.
And you're doing your best to avoid me.
I'm starting to think one day I'll tell the story of us how I was losing my mind when I saw you here.
But you held your pride like you should've held me.
Oh, I'm scared to see the ending why are we pretending this is nothing?
I'd tell you I miss you but I don't know how I've never heard silence quite this loud.
This is looking like a contest of who can act like they care less.
But I liked it better when you were on my side.
The battle's in your hands now.
But I would lay my armor down If you said you'd rather love than fight.
So many things that you wish I knew.
But the story of us might be ending soon and the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now, now, now.
And we're not speaking.
I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate 'cause we're going down.
The end I am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion.
But you are not the kind of boy who should be marrying the wrong girl.
I sneak in and see your friends.
And her snotty little family all dressed in pastel and she is yelling at a bridesmaid.
Somewhere back inside a room.
Wearing a gown shaped like a pastry.
This is surely not what you thought it would be I lose myself in a daydream.
Where I stand and say.
Dont say "Yes", run away now.
Ill meet you when youre out of the church at the back door.
Dont wait or say a single vow you need to hear me out.
And they said, "Speak now.".
Fond gestures are exchanged.
And the organ starts to play A song that sounds like a death march.
And I am hiding in the curtains.
It seems that I was uninvited by your lovely bride-to-be.
She floats down the aisle like a pageant queen but I know you wish it was me.
You wish it was me.
Dont you? your time is running out oh, la, la.
Say a single vow.
I hear the preacher say, "Speak now or forever hold your peace.".
Theres the silence, theres my last chance.
I stand up with shaky hands, all eyes on me horrified looks from everyone in the room.
But Im only looking at you.
So, dont say "Yes", run away now and you say, "Lets run away now.
Ill meet you when Im out of my tux at the back door baby, I didnt say my vows.
So glad you were around.
When they said, "Speak now.".
Tall, dark and superman he puts papers in his briefcase and drives away.
To save the world or go to work.
It's the same thing to me he's got his mother's eyes, his father's ambition.
I wonder if he knows how much that I miss him.
I hang on every word you say, yay and you smile and say, "How are you? ".
I say, "Just fine".
I always forget to tell you, I love you, I love you... forever I watch superman fly away.
You've got a busy day today go save the world, I'll be around.
Come back I'll be with you someday.
I'll be right here on the ground.
When you come back down tall, dark and beautiful.
He's complicated, he's irrational.
But I hope someday you'll take me away and save the day, yeah.
Something in his deep brown eyes has me sayin' he's not all bad like his reputation.
And I can't hear one single word they say.
And you'll leave, got places to be and I'll be OK.
I always forget to tell you I love you, I loved you from the very first day.
Go save the world I'll be around.
And I watch you fly around the world and I hope you don't save some other girl.
Don't forget, don't forget about me.
I'm far away but I never let you go I'm lovestruck and looking out the window.
Don't forget, don't forget where I'll be.
Right here wishing the flowers were from you wishing the card was from you.
Wishing the call was from you 'Cause I loved you from the very first day.
Forever and ever here.
I swear I'll be with you someday la, la, la, la, la, la.
I said remember this moment In the back of my mind.
The time we stood with our shaking hands the crowds in stands went wild.
We were the kings and the queens and they read off our names.
The night you danced like you knew our lives would never be the same.
You held your head like a hero.
On a history book page It was the end of a decade.
But the start of an age long live the walls we crashed through.
How the kingdom lights shined just for me and you.
I was screaming long live all the magic we made and bring on all the pretenders.
One day, we will be remembered.
I said remember this feeling I pass the pictures around.
Of all the years that we stood there.
On the side-lines wishing for right now we are the kings and the queens.
You traded your baseball cap for a crown when they gave us our trophies.
And we held them up for our town and the cynics were outraged.
Screaming, "This is absurd!".
'Cause for a moment a band of thieves In ripped-up jeans got to rule the world.
I'm not afraid long live all the mountains we moved.
I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you I was screaming long live that look on your face.
Hold on to spinning around.
Confetti falls to the ground may these memories break our fall.
Will you take a moment promise me this.
That you'll stand by me forever.
But if God forbid fate should step in.
And force us into a goodbye.
If you have children some day when they point to the pictures.
Please tell them my name.
Tell them how the crowds went wild.
Tell them how I hope they shine I had the time of my life, with you.
Long, long live the walls we crashed through and I was screaming long live all the magic we made.
Singing, long live all the mountains we moved and long, long live that look on your face.
Last night I heard my own heart beating.
Sounded like footsteps on my stairs.
Six months gone and I'm still reaching.
Even though I know you're not there.
I was playing back a thousand memories, baby.
Thinking 'bout everything we've been through maybe I've been going back too much lately.
When time stood still and I had you come back, come back, come back to me like.
You would, you would if this was a movie.
Stand in the rain outside 'til I came out you could, you could if you just said you're sorry.
I know that we could work it out somehow but if this was a movie you'd be here by now.
I know people change and these things happen.
But I remember how it was back then locked up in your arms and our friends are laughing.
'Cause nothing like this ever happened to them now I'm pacing down the hall, chasing down your street.
Flashback to the night when you said to me "Nothing's gonna change, not for me and you.
Not before I knew how much I had to lose." If you're out there.
If you're somewhere.
If you're moving on.
I've been waiting for you.
Ever since you've been gone I just want it back the way it was before.
And I just wanna see you back at my front door and I'd say.
You would before you said, "It's not that easy.".
Before the fight, before I locked you out.
But I take it all back now you'd be here by now.
It's not the kind of ending you wanna see now baby, what about the ending.
Oh, I thought you'd be here by now, whoa thought you'd be here by now.
Long were the nights when my days once revolved around you.
Counting my footsteps.
Praying the floor wont fall through, again.
And my mother accused me of losing my mind.
But I swore I was fine you paint me a blue sky.
And go back and turn it to rain and I lived in your chess game.
But you changed the rules everyday.
Wonderin which version of you I might get on the phone, tonight well I stopped pickin up and this song is to let you know why.
Dear John, I see it all now that you're gone.
Don't you think I was too young.
To be messed with?
The girl in the dress.
Cried the whole way home, I should've known well maybe its me.
And my blind optimism to blame.
Or maybe its you and your sick need.
To give love then take it away and you'll add my name to your long list of traitors who don't understand.
And I'll look back in regret how I ignored when they said.
"Run as fast as you can.".
Cried the whole way home dear John, I see it all now it was wrong.
Dont you think nineteens too young.
To be played by your dark, twisted games?
When I loved you so, I should've known you are an expert at "Sorry".
And keeping lines blurry.
Never impressed by me acing your tests.
All the girls that you've run dry have tired lifeless eyes cause you've burned them out.
But I took your matches.
Before fire could catch me so dont look now.
Im shining like fireworks.
Over your sad empty town I see it all now that you're gone.
Wrote you a song, you shouldve known you shouldve known.
Dont you think I was too young?
The way you move is like a full-on rainstorm.
And I'm a house of cards you're the kind of reckless.
That should send me runnin'.
But I kinda know that I won't get far and you stood there in front of me.
Just close enough to touch.
Close enough to hope you couldn't see.
What I was thinking of drop everything now.
Meet me in the pouring rain kiss me on the sidewalk.
Take away the pain 'Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile.
Get me with those green eyes, baby, as the lights go down give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around.
My mind forgets to remind me.
You're a bad idea.
You touch me once and it's really something you find I'm even better than you imagined I would be.
I'm on my guard for the rest of the world.
But with you I know it's no good and I could wait patiently but I really wish you would.
I'll run my fingers through your hair and watch the lights go wild just keep on keeping your eyes on me, it's just wrong enough to make it feel right.
And lead me up the staircase won't you whisper soft and slow?
I'm captivated by you, baby, like a firework show.
And the sparks fly oh, baby, smile.
Uh, oh, oh.
You were in college working part time waiting tables left a small town, never looked back.
I was a flight risk with a fear of fallin wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts.
I say, "Can you believe it?".
As were lying on the couch the moment I can see it.
Yes, yes, I can see it now do you remember, we were sitting there by the water?
You put your arm around me for the first time you made a rebel of a careless mans careful daughter.
You are the best thing thats ever been mine flash forward and were taking on the world together.
And theres a drawer of my things at your place.
You learn my secrets and you figure out why Im guarded.
You say well never make my parents mistakes but we got bills to pay.
We got nothing figured out when it was hard to take.
Yes, yes, this is what I thought about.
Do you remember all the city lights on the water?
You saw me start to believe for the first time.
And I remember that fight two-thirty AM as everything was slipping right out of our hands.
I ran out crying and you followed me out into the street.
Braced myself for the "Goodbye.".
Cause thats all Ive ever known then you took me by surprise.
You said, "Ill never leave you alone.".
You said, "I remember how we felt sitting by the water.
And every time I look at you, its like the first time.
I fell in love with a careless mans careful daughter she is the best thing thats ever been mine.".
Hold on, make it last.
Hold on, never turn back.
do you believe it?
we're gonna make it now and I can see it.
I can see it now.
Long were the nights when my days once revolved around you.
Praying the floor won't fall through but you changed the rules every day.
Wonderin' which version of you I might get on the phone tonight well, I stopped pickin' up, and this song is to let you know why.
Dear John don't you think I was too young to be messed.
With? I should've known.
Well, maybe it's me.
And my blind optimism to blame or maybe it's you and your sick need.
And you'll add my name.
To your long list of traitors who don't understand.
And I look back in regret.
How I ignored when they said I see it all now. It was wrong.
Don't you think nineteen's too young to be played.
By your dark twisted games?
When I loved you so all the girls that you've run dry.
Have tired lifeless eyes 'Cause you've burned them out.
So, don't look now.
I'm shining like fireworks wrote you a song.
You should've known.
Don't you think I was too young?
How's life? Tell me how's your family?
We small-talk, work and the weather.
Your guard is up and I know why because the last time you saw me is still burned in the back of your mind.
You gave me roses and I left them there to die.
Standing in front of you, saying, "I'm sorry for that night,".
I'd go back to December, turn around and make it all right.
These days I haven't been sleeping.
Staying up, playing back myself leavin' when your birthday passed and I didn't call.
And I think about summer, all the beautiful times and then the cold came, the dark days when fear crept into my mind.
You gave me all your love and all I gave you was "Goodbye".
Standing in front of you, saying, "I'm sorry for that night." I'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind.
I miss your tanned skin, your sweet smile I'd go back in time and change it but I can't.
So if the chain is on your door I understand.
But this is me swallowing my pride.
And I go back to December I still remember the look on your face.
Lit through the darkness at 158 the words that you whispered.
For just us to know.
You told me you loved me.
So why did you go away?
Away I do recall now the smell of the rain fresh on the pavement.
I ran off the plane.
That July 9th the beat of your heart.
It jumps through your shirt I can still feel your arms.
But now I'll go sit on the floor wearing your clothes.
All that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss.
I never thought we'd have a last kiss.
Never imagined we'd end like this your name, forever the name on my lips.
I do remember the swing of your step the life of the party, you're showing off again.
And I roll my eyes and then you pull me in.
I'm not much for dancing but for you I did.
Because I love your handshake, meeting my father.
I love how you walk with your hands in your pockets how you kissed me when I was in the middle of saying something.
There's not a day I don't miss those rude interruptions.
And I'll go sit on the floor never thought we'd have a last kiss.
So I'll watch your life in pictures like I used to watch you sleep and I feel you forget me like I used to feel you breathe.
And I keep up with our old friends just to ask them how you are.
Hope it's nice where you are.
And I hope the sun shines and it's a beautiful day.
And something reminds you you wish you had stayed.
You can plan for a change in weather and time but I never planned on you changing your mind.
So I'll go sit on the floor.
Just like our last kiss.
Forever the name on my lips just like our last.
"Now go stand in the corner and think about what you did." time for a little revenge.
The story starts when it was hot and it was summer and I had it all, I had him right there where I wanted him.
She came along, got him alone and let's hear the applause.
She took him faster than you could say "sabotage" I never saw it coming, wouldn't have suspected it.
I underestimated just who I was dealing with she had to know the pain was beating on me like a drum.
She underestimated just who she was stealing from she's not a saint.
And she's not what you think she's an actress.
She's better known for the things that she does on the mattress.
Soon she's gonna find stealing other people's toys.
On the playground won't make you many friends she should keep in mind.
There is nothing I do better than revenge she looks at life like it's a party and she's on the list.
She looks at me like I'm a trend and she's so over it.
I think her ever-present frown is a little troubling she thinks I'm psycho 'cause I like to rhyme her name with things.
But sophistication isn't what you wear or who you know or pushing people down to get you where you wanna go.
They wouldn't teach you that in prep school so it's up to me.
But no amount of vintage dresses gives you dignity.
For the things that she does.
On the mattress.
I'm just another thing for you to roll your eyes at, honey.
You might have him but haven't you heard you might have him but I always get the last word.
Do you still feel like you know what you're doing?
'Cause I don't think you do I don't think you do.
Let's hear the applause come on show me how much better you are.
So you deserve some applause 'cause you're so much better I said remember this moment in the back of my mind.
We were the Kings and the Queens.
The night you danced like you knew our lives.
Would never be the same.
We are the Kings and the Queens cause for a moment a band of thieves.
In ripped up jeans got to rule the world will you take a moment, promise me this.
And long, long live the look on your face "Now go stand in the corner and think about what you did".
Ha! she's an actress, whoa on the mattress, whoa.
On the playground won't.
Make you many friends and she thinks I'm psycho 'cause I like to rhyme her name with things.
I'm just another thing for you.
To roll your eyes at, honey.
Whoa 'Cause I don't think you do. Oh.
I was a flight risk with a fear of fallin'.
As we're lying on the couch you made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter.
You are the best thing that's ever been mine.
Flash forward and we're taking on the world together.
And there's a drawer of my things at your place.
You learn my secrets and you figure out why I'm guarded.
You say we'll never make my parents' mistakes.
Braced myself for the "Goodbye" 'Cause that's all I've ever known.
You said, "I'll never leave you alone.".
And every time I look at you, it's like the first time I fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter.
She is the best thing that's ever been mine." do you believe it?
We're gonna make it now.
And I can see it.
There I was again tonight forcing laughter, faking smiles.
Same old tired lonely place.
Walls of insincerity shifting eyes and vacancy.
Vanished when I saw your face all I can say is it was enchanting to meet you.
Your eyes whispered, "Have we met?".
Across the room your silhouette.
Starts to make its way to me.
The playful conversation starts counter all your quick remarks.
Like passing notes in secrecy.
And it was enchanting to meet you.
All I can say is I was enchanted to meet you this night is sparkling, don't you let it go.
I'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home I'll spend forever wondering if you knew.
I was enchanted to meet you the lingering question kept me up.
2 AM, who do you love?
I wonder 'til I'm wide awake and now I'm pacing back and forth.
Wishing you were at my door.
I'd open up and you would say, "Hey It was enchanting to meet you.
All I know is I was enchanted to meet you.".
This night is flawless, don't you let it go.
I'm wonderstruck, dancing around all alone.
This is me praying that this was the very first page.
Not where the story line ends.
My thoughts will echo your name.
Until I see you again these are the words I held back.
As I was leaving too soon please don't be in love with someone else.
Please don't have somebody waiting on you.
Elevator buttons and morning air.
Strangers' silence makes me wanna take the stairs If you were here we'd laugh about their vacant stares.
But right now my time is theirs.
Seems like there's always someone who disapproves they'll judge it like they know about me and you.
And the verdict comes from those with nothing else to do.
The jury's out, but my choice is you.
So don't you worry your pretty little mind.
People throw rocks at things that shine.
And life makes love look hard.
The stakes are high, the water's rough.
But this love is ours you never know what people have up their sleeves.
Ghosts from your past gonna jump out at me.
Lurking in the shadows with their lip gloss smiles.
But I don't care 'cause right now you're mine.
And you'll say.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind and it's not theirs to speculate.
If it's wrong and.
Your hands are tough.
But they are where mine belong and.
I'll fight their doubt and give you faith.
With this song for you 'Cause I love the gap between your teeth.
And I love the riddles that you speak and any snide remarks from my father about your tattoos will be ignored.
'Cause my heart is yours but they can't take what's ours.
They can't take what's ours you, with your words like knives.
And swords and weapons that you use against me.
You have knocked me off my feet again.
Got me feeling like a nothing.
You, with your voice like nails on a chalkboard calling me out when I'm wounded.
You, picking on the weaker man well you can take me down with just one single blow.
But you don't know, what you don't know.
Someday I'll be living in a big old city and all you're ever gonna be is mean.
Someday I'll be big enough so you can't hit me why you gotta be so mean?
You, with your switching sides.
And your wildfire lies and your humiliation you have pointed out my flaws again.
As if I don't already see them.
I walk with my head down trying to block you out 'cause I'll never impress you.
I just wanna feel okay again.
I bet you got pushed around.
Somebody made you cold but the cycle ends right now.
'Cause you can't lead me down that road and you don't know, what you don't know.
And I can see you years from now in a bar talking over a football game.
With that same big loud opinion but nobody's listening.
Washed up and ranting about the same old bitter things.
Drunk and grumbling on about how I can't sing but all you are is mean.
All you are is mean.
And a liar, and pathetic, and alone in life.
And mean, and mean, and mean, and mean.
But someday I'll be living in a big old city and all you're ever gonna be is mean, yeah.
Why you gotta be so?
You and I walk a fragile line.
I have known it all this time but I never thought I'd live to see it break.
It's getting dark and it's all too quiet.
And I can't trust anything now.
And it's coming over you like it's all a big mistake.
Oh, I'm holding my breath.
Won't lose you again.
Something's made your eyes go cold.
Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out.
Something's gone terribly wrong you're all I wanted.
Can't breathe whenever you're gone.
Can't turn back now, I'm haunted stood there and watched you walk away.
From everything we had.
But I still mean every word I said to you.
He will try to take away my pain and he just might make me smile.
But the whole time I'm wishing he was you instead.
Won't see you again something keeps me holding on to nothing.
I know, I know, I just know.
You're not gone. You can't be gone. No won't finish what you started.
Can't go back, I'm haunted.
Never ever thought I'd see it break never thought I'd see it.
I hang on every word you say and you smile and say, "How are you?".
I'll say, "Just fine.".
I always forget to tell you, I love you, I'll love you forever and I watch superman fly away.
And you'll leave, got places to be and I'll be OK.
I'm love-struck and looking out the window your little hand's wrapped around my finger.
And it's so quiet in the world tonight your little eyelids flutter cause you're dreaming.
So I tuck you in, turn on your favorite night light.
To you everything's funny, you got nothing to regret I'd give all I have, honey.
If you could stay like that.
Oh darling, don't you ever grow up.
Don't you ever grow up, just stay this little don't you ever grow up, it could stay this simple.
I won't let nobody hurt you, won't let no one break your heart and no one will desert you.
Just try to never grow up, never grow up.
You're in the car on the way to the movies and you're mortified your mom's dropping you off.
At 14 there's just so much you can't do.
And you can't wait to move out someday and call your own shots.
But don't make her drop you off around the block remember that she's getting older too.
And don't lose the way that you dance around in your pj's getting ready for school.
No one's ever burned you, nothing's ever left you scarred and even though you want to, just try to never grow up.
Take pictures in your mind of your childhood room.
Memorize what it sounded like when your dad gets home remember the footsteps, remember the words said.
And all your little brother's favorite songs I just realized everything I have is someday gonna be gone.
So here I am in my new apartment In a big city, they just dropped me off.
It's so much colder than I thought it would be so I tuck myself in and turn my night light on.
Wish I'd never grown up.
I wish I'd never grown up.
Oh I don't wanna grow up, wish I'd never grown up.
I could still be little It could still be simple.
Won't let nobody hurt you.
Won't let no one break your heart and even though you want to, please try to never grow up.
Oh, don't you ever grow up.
Oh, never grow up, just never grow up I guess you really did it this time.
Left yourself in your warpath lost your balance on a tightrope.
Lost your mind tryin' to get it back wasn't it easier in your lunchbox days?
Always a bigger bed to crawl into wasn't it beautiful when you believed in everything.
And everybody believed in you?
It's alright, just wait and see.
Your string of lights is still bright to me oh, who you are is not where you've been.
You're still an innocent.
Did some things you can't speak of but at night you live it all again.
You wouldn't be shattered on the floor now.
If only you had seen what you know now then wasn't it easier in your firefly-catchin' days?
When everything out of reach someone bigger brought down to you.
Wasn't it beautiful runnin' wild 'til you fell asleep.
Before the monsters caught up to you?
Oh, who you are is not what you've been.
It's okay, life is a tough crowd 32, and still growin' up now.
Who you are is not what you did time turns flames to embers.
You'll have new Septembers.
Every one of us has messed up too.
Minds change like the weather I hope you remember.
Today is never too late to be brand new.
It's never too late to get it back.
And people would say, "They're the lucky ones." but I would lay my armour down.
But I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down.
...and we're not speaking.
Standing in front of you saying, "I'm sorry for that night,".
Realized I loved you in the fall standing in front of you saying, "I'm sorry for that night.".
When everything out of reach, someone bigger brought down to you someday I'll be living in a big ole city.
But someday I'll be living in a big ole city.
Gorgeous you should take it as a compliment.
That I got drunk and made fun of the way you talk you should think about the consequence.
Of your magnetic field being a little too strong and I got a boyfriend, he's older than us.
He's in the club doing, I don't know what you're so cool, it makes me hate you so much.
Whisky on ice, Sunset and Vine.
You've ruined my life, by not being mine you're so gorgeous.
I can't say anything to your face 'Cause look at your face.
And I'm so furious.
At you for making me feel this way but what can I say?
You're gorgeous that I'm talking to everyone here but you and you should think about the consequence.
Of you touching my hand in a darkened room.
If you got a girlfriend, I'm jealous of her.
But if you're single that's honestly worse 'Cause you're so gorgeous it actually hurts.
Ocean blue eyes looking in mine.
I feel like I might sink and drown and die you make me so happy it turns back to sad.
There's nothing I hate more than what I can't have.
You are so gorgeous it makes me so mad.
Guess I'll just stumble on home to my cats.
Alone, unless you wanna come along, oh ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh.
My castle crumbled overnight.
I brought a knife to a gunfight they took the crown but it's alright.
All the liars are calling me one.
Nobody's heard from me for months.
I'm doing better than I ever was cause my baby's fit like a daydream.
Walking with his head down.
I'm the one he's walking to so call it what you want, yeah.
Call it what you want to.
My baby's fly like a jet stream high above the whole scene.
Loves me like I'm brand new.
All my flowers grew back as thorns windows boarded up after the storm.
He built a fire just to keep me warm all the drama queens taking swings.
All the jokers dressing up as kings they fade to nothing when I look at him.
And I know I make the same mistakes every time.
Bridges burn, I never learn.
At least I did one thing right I did one thing right.
I'm laughing with my lover.
Making forts under covers trust him like a brother.
Yeah, you know I did one thing right.
Starry eyes sparking up my darkest night.
I want to wear his initial on a chain round my neck.
Chain round my neck not because he owns me.
But 'cause he really knows me which is more than they can say, I.
I recall late November, holding my breath.
Slowly I said, "You don't need to save me but would you run away with me?".
Yes call it what you want, yeah.
Call it what you want to see you in the dark.
All eyes on you, my magician all eyes on us.
You make everyone disappear, and cut me into pieces.
Gold cage, hostage to my feelings back against the wall.
Trippin', trip, trippin' when you're gone.
'Cause we break down a little.
But when you get me alone, it's so simple.
'Cause baby, I know what you know we can feel it.
And all the pieces fall.
Right into place.
Getting caught up in a moment.
Lipstick on your face so it goes.
I'm yours to keep and I'm yours to lose.
You know I'm not a bad girl, but I.
Do bad things with you.
Met you in a bar.
All eyes on me, your illusionist I make all your grey days clear and.
Wear you like a necklace.
I'm so chill, but you make me jealous but I got your heart.
Skippin', skip, skippin' when I'm gone.
But when I get you alone, it's so simple.
Come here, dressed in black now so, so, so it goes.
Scratches down your back now.
You did a number on me but, honestly, baby, who's counting?
I did a number on you.
Who's counting? 1, 2, 3.
I, I loved you in secret first sight, yeah, we love without reason.
Oh, 25 years old.
Oh, how were you to know and.
My, my love had been frozen.
Deep blue, but you painted me golden oh, and you held me close.
Oh, how was I to know what I could've spent forever with your hands in my pockets.
Picture of your face in an invisible locket.
You said there was nothing in the world that could stop it I had a bad feeling.
And darling, you had turned my bed into a sacred oasis.
People started talking, putting us through our paces I knew there was no one in the world who could take it.
But we were dancing.
Dancing with our hands tied, hands tied.
Yeah, we were dancing.
Like it was the first time, first time.
And I had a bad feeling I, I loved you in spite of.
Deep fears that the world would divide us so, baby, can we dance.
Oh, through an avalanche?
And say, say that we got it.
I'm a mess, but I'm the mess that you wanted.
Oh, 'cause it's gravity oh, keeping you with me.
I'd kiss you as the lights went out swaying as the room burned down.
I'd hold you as the water rushes in.
If I could dance with you again hands tied, hands tied.
Don't blame me, love made me crazy.
If it doesn't, you ain't doing it right lord, save me, my drug is my baby.
I'll be using for the rest of my life I've been breaking hearts a long time.
And toying with them older guys.
Just playthings for me to use something happened for the first time.
In the darkest little paradise shaking, pacing, I just need you.
For you, I would cross the line I would waste my time.
I would lose my mind.
They say, "She's gone too far this time".
Don't blame me, your love made me crazy.
Oh, Lord, save me, my drug is my baby.
My name is whatever you decide and I'm just gonna call you mine.
I'm insane, but I'm your baby echoes of your name inside my mind.
Halo, hiding my obsession.
I once was poison ivy, but now I'm your daisy and baby, for you, I would fall from grace.
Just to touch your face.
If you walk away.
I'd beg you on my knees to stay I get so high, oh.
Every time you're, every time you're loving me you're loving me.
Trip of my life, oh every time you're, every time you're touching me.
You're touching me oh, Lord, save me.
My drug is my baby I'll be using for the rest of my life, oh.
Every time, you're, every time you're loving me our secret moments.
In a crowded room.
They got no idea.
About me and you.
There is an indentation In the shape of you.
Made your mark on me.
A golden tattoo.
All of this silence and patience, pining and anticipation my hands are shaking from holding back from you.
All of this silence and patience, pining and desperately waiting.
My hands are shaking from all this.
Say my name and everything just stops.
I don't want you like a best friend.
Only bought this dress so you could take it off, take it off carve your name into my bedpost.
Cause I don't want you like a best friend Inescapable I'm not even going to try.
And if I get burned, at least we were electrified.
I'm spilling wine in the bathtub you kiss my face and we're both drunk.
Everyone thinks that they know us but they know nothing about.
Only bought this dress so you could take it off, take it off .
Only bought this dress so you could take it off .
Flashback when you met me your buzz cut and my hair bleached.
Even in my worst times, you could see the best of me flashback to my mistakes.
My rebounds, my earthquakes.
Even in my worst lies, you saw the truth in me and I woke up just in time.
Now I wake up by your side my one and only, my lifeline.
I woke up just in time my hands shake, I can't explain this.
Aha, ha, ha, ha.
Only bought this dress so you could take it off.
You made your mark on me, golden tattoo.
It was so nice throwing big parties jump into the pool from the balcony.
Everyone swimming in a champagne sea and there are no rules when you show up here.
Bass beat rattling the chandelier feeling so Gatsby for that whole year.
So why'd you have to rain on my parade?
I'm shaking my head I'm locking the gates.
This is why we can't have nice things, darling because you break them.
I had to take them away this is why we can't have nice things, honey.
Did you think I wouldn't hear all the things you said about me?
This is why we can't have nice things It was so nice being friends again.
There I was giving you a second chance.
But you stabbed me in the back while shaking my hand and therein lies the issue.
Friends don't try to trick you.
Get you on the phone and mind-twist you and so I took an axe to a mended fence.
But I'm not the only friend you've lost lately If only you weren't.
So shady this is why we can't have here's a toast to my real friends.
They don't care about that he said, she said and here's to my baby.
He ain't reading what they call me lately and here's to my momma.
Had to listen to all this drama.
And here's to you.
'Cause forgiveness is a nice thing to do.
Haha, I can't even say it with a straight face no, nothing good starts in a getaway car.
It was the best of times, the worst of crimes I struck a match and blew your mind.
But I didn't mean it.
And you didn't see it the ties were black, the lies were white.
In shades of gray and candlelight I wanted to leave him.
I needed a reason X marks the spot, where we fell apart.
He poisoned the well, I was lying to myself I knew it from the first old fashioned, we were cursed.
We never had a shotgun shot in the dark.
You were driving the getaway car we were flying, but we'd never get far.
Don't pretend it's such a mystery think about the place where you first met me.
We're riding in a getaway car there were sirens in the beat of your heart.
Should've known I'd be the first to leave.
In a getaway car.
No, they never get far.
It was the great escape, the prison break the light of freedom on my face.
But you weren't thinking and I was just drinking.
Well he was running after us, I was screaming 'Go go go!' but with three of us, honey, it's a side show.
And a circus ain't a love story.
And now we're both sorry he poisoned the well, every man for himself.
It hit you like a shotgun shot to the heart.
We were jet set Bonnie and Clyde.
Until I switched to the other side.
It's no surprise, I turned you in 'Cause us traitors never win.
I'm in a getaway car I left you in the motel bar.
I put the money in a bag and stole the keys that was the last time you ever saw me.
Driving the getaway car.
I was riding in a getaway car.
I was crying in a getaway car.
I was dying in a getaway car.
Said 'goodbye' in a getaway car I'm perfectly fine, I live on my own.
I made up my mind, I'm better off being alone we met a few weeks ago.
Now you try on calling me, baby, like trying on clothes.
Salute to me I'm your American Queen.
And you move to me like I'm a Motown beat and we rule the kingdom inside my room.
'Cause all the boys and their expensive cars.
With their Range Rovers and their Jaguars.
Never took me quite where you do.
And all at once, you are the one I have been waiting for king of my heart, body and soul, ooh whoa.
And all at once, you are all I want, I'll never let you go and all at once, I've been waiting, waiting.
Ooh whoa, ooh whoa and all at once, you are the one I have been waiting, waiting.
Body and soul, ooh whoa and all at once.
Late in the night, the city's asleep your love is a secret I'm hoping, dreaming, dying to keep.
Change my priorities the taste of your lips is my idea of luxury.
Is this the end of all the endings?
My broken bones are mending with all these nights we're spending.
Up on the roof with a school girl crush.
Drinking beer out of plastic cups.
Say you fancy me, not fancy stuff baby, all at once, this is enough.
There's glitter on the floor after the party.
Girls carrying their shoes down in the lobby candle wax and Polaroids on the hardwood floor.
You and me from the night before, but don't read the last page.
But I stay when you're lost, and I'm scared.
And you're turning away I want your midnights.
But I'll be cleaning up bottles with you on New Year's Day.
You squeeze my hand three times in the back of the taxi.
I can tell that it's gonna be a long road.
I'll be there if you're the toast of the town, babe or if you strike out and you're crawling home.
But I stay when it's hard, or it's wrong or we're making mistakes.
Hold on to the memories, they will hold on to you and I will hold on to you.
Please don't ever become a stranger whose laugh I could recognize anywhere.
You and me forevermore.
This ain't for the best.
My reputation's never been worse, so.
You must like me for me.
We can't make any promises now, can we, babe?
But you can make me a drink dive bar on the east side, where you at?
Phone lights up my nightstand in the black.
Come here, you can meet me in the back.
Dark jeans and your Nikes, look at you.
Oh damn, never seen that color blue just think of the fun things we could do.
'Cause I like you yeah, I want you.
Is it cool that I said all that?
Is it chill that you're in my head?
'Cause I know that it's delicate.
Is it cool that I said all that Is it too soon to do this yet?
Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?
Isn't it? delicate third floor on the west side, me and you.
Handsome, you're a mansion with a view.
Do the girls back home touch you like I do?
Long night, with your hands up in my hair.
Echoes of your footsteps on the stairs.
Stay here, honey, I don't wanna share.
Sometimes I wonder when you sleep.
Are you ever dreaming of me?
Sometimes when I look into your eyes.
I pretend you're mine, all the damn time.
I never trust a narcissist, but they love me.
So I play 'em like a violin.
And I make it look oh-so-easy 'Cause for every lie I tell them, they tell me three.
This is how the world works now all he thinks about is me.
I can feel the flames on my skin crimson red paint on my lips.
If a man talks shit, then I owe him nothing I don't regret it one bit, 'cause he had it coming.
They say I did something bad.
Then why's it feel so good?
But why's it feel so good?
Most fun I ever had.
And I'd do it over and over and over again if I could.
It just felt so good, good I never trust a playboy, but they love me.
So I fly 'em all around the world.
And I let them think they saved me.
They never see it comin', what I do next.
You gotta leave before you get left.
He says, "Don't throw away a good thing".
But if he drops my name, then I owe him nothin'.
And if he spends my change, then he had it comin' they're burning all the witches, even if you aren't one.
They got their pitchforks and proof, their receipts and reasons.
So light me up , light me up.
Light me up, go ahead and light me up.
Light me up , light me up It just felt so good , good.
Oh, you say I did something bad.
Why's it feel so good, good?
So bad, why's it feel so good?
Why's it feel, why's it feel so good?
Knew he was a killer.
First time that I saw him wonder how many girls he had loved and left haunted.
But if he's a ghost then I can be a phantom holdin' him for ransom.
Some, some boys are tryin' too hard he don't try at all though.
Younger than my exes but he act like such a man, so.
I-I-I see how this is gonna go.
Touch me, and you'll never be alone.
I know I'm gonna be with you.
So I take my time.
Knew I was a robber first time that he saw me.
Stealing hearts and running off and never saying sorry but if I'm a thief then.
He can join the heist.
And we'll move to an island-and.
And he can be my jailer.
Burton to this Taylor.
I forget their names now I'm so very tame now.
I wanna be your end game.
I wanna be your first string I wanna be your A-Team.
I wanna be your end game, end game.
Big reputation, big reputation ooh, you and me, we got big reputations.
Ah, and you heard about me.
Ooh, I got some big enemies.
Ooh, you and me would be a big conversation.
Ah, and I heard about you.
Ooh, you like the bad ones, too.
You so dope, don't overdose I'm so stoked, I need a toast.
We do the most, I'm in the Ghost like I'm whippin' a boat I got a reputation, girl, that don't precede me.
I'm one call away whenever you need me.
I'm in a G5 , come to the A-Side I got a bad boy persona, that's what they like.
You love it, I love it, too, 'cause you my type you hold me down and I protect you with my life.
I don't wanna touch you, I don't wanna be.
Just another ex-love you don't wanna see.
I don't wanna miss you.
Like the other girls do I don't wanna hurt you, I just wanna be.
Drinking on a beach with you all over me.
I know what they all say but I ain't tryna play.
Knew her when I was young reconnected when we were little bit older, both sprung.
I got issues and chips on both of my shoulders reputation precedes me in rumors Im knee-deep.
The truth is it's easier to ignore it, believe me even when we'd argue, we'd not do it for long.
And you understand the good and bad end up in a song for all your beautiful traits and the way you do it with ease.
For all my flaws, paranoia and insecurities I've made mistakes and made some choices, that's hard to deny.
After the storm, something was born on the 4th of July I've passed days without fun, this end game is the one.
With four words on the tip of my tongue, I'll never say it.
I know what they all say, yeah, but I ain't tryna play.
Oh, I got some big enemies.
Hey, big reputation, big reputation I hit you like bang.
We tried to forget it, but we just couldn't.
And I bury hatchets, but I keep maps of where I put 'em.
Reputation precedes me, they told you I'm crazy.
I swear I don't love the drama, it loves me and I can't let you go, your hand prints on my soul.
It's like your eyes are liquor, it's like your body is gold.
You've been calling my bluff on all my usual tricks.
So here's the truth from my red lips he said, "Let's get out of this town.
Drive out of the city, away from the crowds" I thought heaven can't help me now.
Nothing lasts forever, but this is gonna take me down.
He's so tall and handsome as hell he's so bad but he does it so well.
I can see the end as it begins my one condition is.
Say you'll remember me.
Standing in a nice dress.
Staring at the sunset, babe.
Red lips and rosy cheeks say you'll see me again.
Even if it's just in your.
Wildest dreams, ah-ha oh.
I said, "No one has to know what we do".
His hands are in my hair, his clothes are in my room and his voice is a familiar sound.
Nothing lasts forever but this is getting good now.
And when we've had our very last kiss my last request is.
You see me in hindsight.
Tangled up with you all night.
Burning it down.
Someday when you leave me.
I bet these memories follow you around.
You'll see me in hindsight.
Even if it's just pretend In your wildest dreams, ah-ha oh.
ah-ha In your wildest dreams, ah-ha.
We're all bored, we're all so tired of everything we wait for trains that just aren't coming.
We show off our different scarlet letters trust me, mine is better.
We're so young but we're on the road to ruin.
We play dumb but we know exactly what we're doing we cry tears of mascara in the bathroom.
Honey, life is just a classroom 'Cause, baby, I could build a castle.
Out of all the bricks they threw at me.
And every day is like a battle.
But every night with us is like a dream.
Baby, we're the new romantics come on, come along with me.
Heart break is the national anthem we sing it proudly.
We are too busy dancing to get knocked off our feet.
The best people in life are free we're all here, the lights and noise are blinding.
We hang back, it's all in the timing.
It's poker, he can't see it in my face but I'm about to play my Ace.
We need love, but all we want is danger we team up then switch sides like a record changer.
The rumors are terrible and cruel but, honey, most of them are true.
So come on, come along with me please take my hand and.
Please take me dancing and.
Please leave me stranded.
It's so romantic.
You stand with your hand on my waist line It's a scene and we're out here in plain sight.
I can hear them whisper as we pass by.
It's a bad sign, bad sign.
Something happens when everybody finds out.
See the vultures circling dark clouds.
Love's a fragile little flame, it could burn out It could burn out.
Cause they got the cages, they got the boxes and guns they are the hunters, we are the foxes.
And we run baby, I know places we won't be found.
And they'll be chasing their tails tryin' to track us down.
Cause I, I know places we can hide.
I know places, I know places.
Lights flash and we'll run for the fences let them say what they want, we won't hear it.
Loose lips sink ships all the damn time.
Not this time.
Just grab my hand and don't ever drop it.
My love I know places.
They take their shots, but we're bulletproof.
And you know for me, it's always you.
In the dead of night, your eyes so green.
And I know for you, it's always me 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood.
Hey and I don't think we can solve them.
And, baby, now we got bad blood did you have to do this? I was thinking that you could be trusted.
Did you have to ruin what was shiny? Now it's all rusted.
Did you have to hit me, where I'm weak? Baby, I couldn't breathe and rub it in so deep, salt in the wound like you're laughing right at me.
Oh, it's so sad to think about the good times, you and I.
Did you think we'd be fine? Still got scars on my back from your knife so don't think it's in the past, these kinda wounds they last and they last.
Now did you think it all through? All these things will catch up to you and time can heal but this won't, so if you're coming my way, just don't.
Mhmmm one look, dark room.
Meant just for you.
Time moved too fast.
You play it back.
Buttons on a coat lighthearted joke no proof, not much.
But you saw enough small talk, he drives.
Coffee at midnight.
The light reflects.
The chain on your neck.
He says, "Look up." and your shoulders brush.
No proof, one touch.
But you felt enough you can hear it in the silence, silence.
You can feel it on the way home, way home you could see it with the lights out, lights out.
You are in love, true love.
You are in love.
Morning, his place burnt toast, Sunday.
You keep his shirt he keeps his word.
And for once you let go of your fears and your ghosts.
One step, not much but it said enough.
You kiss on sidewalks you fight then you talk.
One night he wakes.
Strange look on his face.
Pauses, then says "You're my best friend.".
And you knew what it was.
He is in love and so it goes.
You two are dancing in a snow globe 'round and 'round and he keeps a picture of you in his office downtown.
And you understand now why they lost their minds and fought the wars.
And why I spent my whole life trying to put it into words.
'Cause you can hear it in the silence you can feel it on the way home.
You could see it with the lights out you're in love.
You can see it with the lights out, lights out.
Clear blue water, high tide came and brought you in.
And I could go on and on, on and on, and I will skies grew darker, currents swept you out again.
And you were just gone and gone, gone and gone.
In silent screams In wildest dreams.
I never dreamed of this this love is good, this love is bad.
This love is alive back from the dead these hands had to let it go free.
And this love came back to me.
Tossing, turning, struggled through the night with someone new and I could go on and on, on and on.
Lantern burning, flickered in my mind for only you but you're still gone, gone, gone.
Been losing grip.
On sinking ships.
You showed up just in time.
This love left a permanent mark this love is glowing in the dark.
This love, this love, this love, this love.
Your kiss, my cheek, I watched you leave your smile, my ghost, I fell to my knees.
When you're young you just run but you come back to what you need.
This love this love came back to me midnight you come and pick me up, no headlights.
A long drive.
Could end in burning flames or paradise fade into view, oh, it's been a while since I have even heard from you.
I should just tell you to leave 'cause I.
Know exactly where it leads but I watch us go 'round and 'round each time.
You got that James Dean daydream look in your eye.
And I got that red lip classic thing that you like.
And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style.
We never go out of style.
You got that long hair, slicked back, white t-shirt.
And I got that good girl faith and a tight little skirt.
He can't keep his wild eyes on the road.
Takes me home.
Lights are off, he's taking off his coat, hmm, yeah.
I say, "I heard, oh, that you've been out and about with some other girl, some other girl." he says, "What you've heard is true but I.
Can't stop thinking about you," and I I said, "I've been there, too, a few times.".
'Cause you got that James Dean daydream look in your eye take me home.
Just take me home, yeah just take me home.
Walking through a crowd.
The village is aglow.
Kaleidoscope of loud heartbeats under coats.
Everybody here wanted something more.
Searching for a sound we hadn't heard before and it said.
Welcome to New York.
It's been waiting for you It's a new soundtrack.
I could dance to this beat, beat.
Forevermore the lights are so bright but they never blind me, me.
When we first dropped our bags on apartment floors took our broken hearts.
Put them in a drawer.
Everybody here was someone else.
Before and you can want who you want boys and boys and.
Girls and girls like any great love it keeps you.
Guessing like any real love It's ever changing.
Like any true love It drives you crazy.
But you know you wouldn't change anything anything.
Anything I could dance to this beat.
But they never blind me new soundtrack so bright they never blind me.
The drought was the very worst.
When the flowers that we'd grown together died of thirst.
It was months and months of back and forth.
You're still all over me like a wine-stained dress I can't wear anymore hung my head as I lost the war.
and the sky turned black like a perfect storm rain came pouring down when I was drowning.
That's when I could finally breathe.
And by morning gone was any trace of you.
I think I am finally clean there was nothing left to do.
When the butterflies turned to dust that covered my whole room.
So I punched a hole in the roof let the flood carry away all my pictures of you.
The water filled my lungs.
I screamed so loud but no one heard a thing said I think I am finally clean.
10 months sober, I must admit just because you're clean don't mean you don't miss it.
10 months older, I won't give in.
Now that I'm clean I'm never gonna risk it.
Finally clean think I'm finally clean drive out of the city, away from the crowds.".
I said, "No one has to know what we do.".
People like you always want back the love they gave away and people like me wanna believe you when you say you've changed.
The more I think about it now the less I know all I know is that you drove us off the road.
Hey, all you had to do was stay.
Had me in the palm of your hand then why'd you have to go and lock me out when I let you in?
Hey, now you say you want it back.
Now that it's just too late.
Well, it could've been easy.
All you had to do was stay.
Here you are now, calling me up, but I don't know what to say I've been picking up the pieces of the mess you made.
People like you always want back the love they pushed aside.
But people like me are gone forever when you say goodbye.
All you had to do was stay, stay, stay, stay, stay.
Let me remind you.
This was what you wanted.
You ended it.
You were all I wanted but not like this.
Not like this.
Oh, all you had to do was you stand with your hand on my waistline.
Flashing lights and we.
Took a wrong turn and we.
Fell down a rabbit hole you held on tight to me.
'Cause nothing's as it seems.
I'm spinning out of control.
Didn't they tell us don't rush into things?
Didn't you flash your green eyes at me?
Haven't you heard what becomes of curious minds?
Didn't it all seem new and exciting?
I felt your arms twisting around me.
I should have slept with one eye open at night we found wonderland.
You and I got lost in it and we pretended it could last forever.
Eh and life was never worse but never better.
Eh eh In wonderland so we went on our way.
Too in love to think straight all alone or so it seemed.
But there were strangers watching.
And whispers turned to talking.
And talking turned to screams.
Didn't you calm my fears with a Cheshire cat smile?
It's all fun and games 'til somebody loses their mind.
But darling, we found wonderland.
I reached for you but you were gone I knew I had to go back home.
You search the world for something else to make you feel like what we had.
And in the end in wonderland we both went mad.
It's 2 AM in your car.
Windows down, you pass my street, the memories start you say it's in the past, you drive straight ahead.
You're thinking that I hate you now.
'Cause you still don't know what I never said.
I wish you would come back wish I never hung up the phone like I did.
And I wish you knew that I'll never forget you as long as I live and I wish you were right here, right now, it's all good.
I wish you would It's 2 AM in my room.
Headlights pass the window pane, I think of you.
We're a crooked love in a straight line down makes you wanna run and hide.
Then it makes you turn right back around I wish you knew that I'll never forget you as long as I live.
I wish we could go back.
And remember what we were fighting for.
And I wish you knew that I miss you too much to be mad anymore I, I, I, I, I, I wish, I wish.
You always knew how to push my buttons you give me everything and nothing.
This mad mad love makes you come running.
To stand back where you stood.
I wish you would, I wish you would.
2 AM, here we are see your face, hear my voice in the dark.
But it made us turn right back around I, I, I, I, I, I wish, I wish you would.
Then why'd you have to go and lock me out when I let you in.
Stay, hey, now you say you want it back now that it's just too late.
Let me remind you this was what you wanted.
Oh, all you had to do was stay.
I stay out too late got nothing in my brain.
That's what people say, mmm-mmm.
I go on too many dates.
But I can't make them stay.
At least that's what people say, mmm-mmm but I keep cruising.
Can't stop, won't stop moving It's like I got this music.
In my mind.
Saying, "It's gonna be alright.".
'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play.
And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.
Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off.
Heart-breakers gonna break, break, break, break, break.
And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake.
I never miss a beat I'm lightning on my feet.
And that's what they don't see, mmm-mmm.
That's what they don't see, mmm-mmm.
I'm dancing on my own.
I make the moves up as I go and that's what they don't know, mmm-mmm.
That's what they don't know, mmm-mmm.
Can't stop, won't stop grooving.
Shake it off, I shake it off.
I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off.
Hey, hey, hey just think while you've been getting down and out about the liars and the dirty, dirty cheats of the world.
You could've been getting down to this sick beat my ex-man brought his new girlfriend.
She's like "Oh, my god!" but I'm just gonna shake.
And to the fella over there with the hella good hair.
Won't you come on over, baby? We can shake, shake, shake yeah ohhh I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake.
I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off .
Stand there like a ghost shaking from the rain  she'll open up the door and say, "Are you insane ?".
Say it's been a long 6 months and you were too afraid to tell her what you want.
And that's how it works that's how you get the girl.
And then you say.
"I want you for worse or for better.
I would wait forever and ever broke your heart, I'll put it back together.
I would wait forever and ever." It's how you get the girl, girl.
Remind her how it used to be with pictures in frames of kisses on cheeks.
Tell her how you must have lost your mind.
When you left her all alone, and never told her why .
That's how you lost the girl.
And now you say.
I would wait forever and ever .
Broke your heart, I'll put it back together .
I would wait forever and ever .".
And you could know that I don't want you to go oh-oh.
Remind me how it used to be.
Pictures in frames of kisses on cheeks and say you want me.
"I want you for worse or for better .
I want you forever and ever." that's how it works.
That's how you got the girl nice to meet you, where you been?
I could show you incredible things magic, madness, heaven, sin.
Saw you there and I thought.
Oh my God, look at that face.
You look like my next mistake love's a game, wanna play?
New money, suit and tie I can read you like a magazine.
Ain't it funny, rumors fly.
And I know you heard about me so hey, let's be friends.
I'm dying to see how this one ends.
Grab your passport and my hand.
I can make the bad guys good for a weekend so it's gonna be forever.
Or it's gonna go down in flames.
You can tell me when it's over.
If the high was worth the pain.
Got a long list of ex-lovers.
They'll tell you I'm insane.
'Cause you know I love the players and you love the game.
'Cause we're young and we're reckless we'll take this way too far.
It'll leave you breathless.
Or with a nasty scar but I've got a blank space, baby.
And I'll write your name.
Cherry lips, crystal skies.
Stolen kisses, pretty lies you're the King, baby, I'm your Queen.
Find out what you want.
Be that girl for a month wait, the worst is yet to come, oh no.
Screaming, crying, perfect storms.
I can make all the tables turn.
Rose garden filled with thorns.
Keep you second guessing like "Oh my God, who is she?".
I get drunk on jealousy.
But you'll come back each time you leave.
'Cause, darling, I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream.
Boys only want love if it's torture.
Don't say I didn't say, I didn't warn ya looking at it now.
It all seems so simple.
We were lying on your couch you took a Polaroid of us.
Then discovered the rest of the world was black and white.
But we were in screaming color.
And I remember thinking are we out of the woods yet?
Are we out of the woods?
Are we in the clear yet?
In the clear yet?
Good last December we were built to fall apart.
Then fall back together your necklace hanging from my neck.
The night we couldn't quite forget.
When we decided.
To move the furniture so we could dance.
Baby, like we stood a chance.
Two paper airplanes flying, flying, flying and I remember thinkin'.
Remember when you hit the brakes too soon?
Twenty stitches in the hospital room when you started cryin', baby, I did, too.
But when the sun came up, I was lookin' at you.
Remember when we couldn't take the heat I walked out and said, "I'm settin' you free,".
But the monsters turned out to be just trees and when the sun came up, you were lookin' at me.
You were lookin' at me I remember, oh, I remember.
Long drive remind her how it used to be, be forever more are we out of the woods?!a.
"The fans are the best part of this tour.
They are the reason the shows are incredible.
And I know those fans out there, are just all in" "I don't want to forget anything that happened on this tour.
It was one of those remarkable moments in time when everything felt exciting".
"Looking out into like an endless ocean of crowd.
That was everything we're all really sad that it is ending.
But we're all really happy because of what it was" It was months, and months of back and forth.
Hung my head as I lost the war, and the sky turned black like a perfect storm the water filled my lungs, I screamed so loud but no one heard a thing.
And by morning, gone was any trace of you 