There's miles of land in front of us and we're dying with every step we take.
We're dying with every breath we make.
And I'll fall in line.
A stranger's back is all I see he's only a few feet in front of me.
And I'll look left and right sometimes but I'll fall in line.
No one looks up anymore.
'Cause you might get a raindrop in your eye and Heaven forbid they see you cry.
As we fall in line.
And about this time of every year the line will go to the ocean pier.
And walk right off into the sea and then we fall asleep.
And as we're near the end of land and our ocean graves are just beyond the sand.
I ask myself the question.
Why I fall in line then out of the corner of my eye.
I see a spaceship in the sky.
And hear a voice inside my head follow me instead.
Follow me then the wages of war will start.
Inside my head with my counterpart and the emotionless marchers will chant the phrase.
This line's the only way.
And then I start down the sand my eyes are focused on the end of land.
But again the voice inside my head says.
Take me up, seal the door I don't want to march here anymore.
I realize that this line is dead.
So I'll follow You instead.
So then You put me back in my place so I might start another day.
And once again I will be In a march to the sea.
I don't wanna fall, fall away I'll keep the lights on in this place.
'Cause I don't wanna fall, fall away I don't, I don't wanna fall, fall away.
I will keep the lights on in this place.
I disguise and I will lie.
And I will take my precious time.
As the days melt away as I stand in line.
And I die as I wait as I wait on my crime and I'll try to delay what you make of my life.
But I don't want your way I want mine.
I'm dying and I'm trying.
But believe me I'm fine.
But I'm lying I'm so very far from fine.
And I, I can feel the pull begin feel my conscience wearing thin.
And my skin.
It will start to break up and fall apart every time I feel selfish ambition.
Is taking my vision my crime is my sentence.
Repentance is taking commission.
It's taking a toll on my soul.
I'm screaming submission and I don't know if I am dying or living.
'Cause I will save face.
For name's sake abuse grace take aim to obtain a new name.
And a newer place.
But my name is lame I can't walk and I ain't the same.
And my name became new destiny to the grave.
He stays home from work this time he never really told his wife.
He never really told a lie.
But this time he decides that it's alright It's alright no one really knows his mind.
And no one knows behind his eyes.
The man deserves a medal but he's never really won a prize.
Before he goes to lock the door he has fallen in love.
He knows it's enough but the world looks down and frowns.
Get up, Johnny boy, get up, Johnny boy.
Get up 'cause the world has left you lying on the ground you're my pride and joy.
Get up, Johnny boy, because we all need you now.
We all need you now.
Someone said, "Away you go.".
And someone said to you, "Goodbye." they deflect the disrespect when they say that they blame it on the times.
They blame it on the time.
We all know you're qualified to fix a chair and love your wife.
They all know you're qualified.
But they lie when they blame it on the times oh, we blame it on the times.
I will carry all your names.
And I will carry all your shame.
And I will carry all your names.
I feel for you, but when did you believe you were alone?
You say that spiders crawled inside and made themselves a home where light once was.
Petrified of who you are and who you have become you will hide from everyone, denying you need someone.
To exterminate your bones.
Friend, please remove your hands from.
Over your eyes for me.
I know you want to leave but.
Friend, please don't take your life away from me.
Living like a ghost you walk by everyone you know you say that you're fine but you have lost your sway and glow.
So I stopped by to let you know would you let me know your plans tonight?
'Cause I just won't let go 'til we both see the light and I have nothing else left to say.
But I will listen to you all day, yes I will.
Now is the climax to the story.
That gives the demons and angels purpose.
They fly around while we are walking.
And mold our emotions just to please them.
I am cold, can you hear?
I will fly with no hope, no fear and the ground taunts my wings.
Plummet as I sing, plummet as I sing.
All we are is an isle of flightless birds.
We find our worth in giving birth and stuff.
We're lining our homes against winding roads and we think the going is tough.
We pick songs to sing, remind us of things that nobody cares about.
And honestly we're probably more suicidal than ever now If you decide to live by, what you think's wrong and what's right.
Believe me you'll begin to wish you were sleeping your weeping will creep in your head and you'll cry.
But if we wake up every morning and decide what we believe we can take apart our very heart and the light will set us free.
Plummet as I sing, plummet as I how frustrating and so degrading.
His time, we're wasting as time will fly by and the sky will cry as light is fading.
And he is waiting, oh, so patiently while we repeat the same routine as we will please comfortability.
Yeah, please don't think about why you can't sleep in the evening and please don't be afraid of what your soul is really thinking.
Your soul knows good and evil, your soul knows both sides and it's time you pick your battle, and I promise you this is mine.
I wanna fall inside your ghost and fill up every hole inside my mind.
And I want everyone to know that I am half a soul divided.
Sometimes we will die and sometimes we will fly away.
Either way you're by my side until my dying days and if I'm not there and I'm far away.
I said, "Don't be afraid." I said, "Don't be afraid. We're going home.".
I wanna strip myself of breath.
A breathless piece of death I've made for you A mortal writing piece of song will help me carry on.
But this you heard.
So the hearse ran out of gas A passenger person grabbed a map.
And the driver inside it contrived a new route to save the past.
And checked his watch and grabbed a cab A beautifully plain taxi cab.
A cab, had it cleared out back and two men started to unpack driving once again.
But now this time there were three men and then I heard one of them say.
"I know the night will turn to gray.
I know the stars will start to fade.
When all the darkness fades away we had to steal him from his fate.
So he could see another day.".
Then I cracked open my box someone must have picked the lock.
A little light revealed the spot.
Where my fingernails had fought.
Then I pushed it open more pushing up against the door.
Then I sat up off the floor and found the breath I was searching for.
Then there were three men up front all I saw were backs of heads.
And then I asked, "Am I alive and well or am I dreaming dead?".
And then one turned around to say "We're driving toward the morning, son.
Where all your blood is washed away and all you did will be undone.".
And I said, "Don't be afraid." I know you're not a liar.
And I know you could set fire this day go ahead and make me look away.
Strike me down I am calling your lightning.
Down from your dark hiding place go ahead and show me.
Your face reign down and destroy me I mean no disrespect.
I am simply very perplexed by your ways.
Why wouldn't you let us use your name?
Reign down three, four your grandpa died.
When you were nine.
They said he had lost his mind.
You have learned.
Way too soon.
You should never trust the Pantaloon now it's your turn.
To be alone find a wife and build yourself a home.
That your dad is now the Pantaloon.
You are tired you are hurt.
A moth ate through your favorite shirt.
And all your friends fertilize the ground you walk.
Lose your mind he's seen too many stare downs.
Between the sun and the moon In the morning air.
How he used to hustle all the people walking through the fairgrounds.
He's been around so long.
He's changed his meaning of a chair now because a chair now.
Is like a tiny island in the sea of all the people.
Who glide across the very surface that made his bones feeble.
The end can't come soon enough but is it too soon?
Either way he can't deny.
He is a Pantaloon you like to sleep alone.
It's colder than you know.
'Cause your skin is so used to colder bones It's warmer in the morning.
Than what it is at night your bones are held together.
By your nightmares and your frights they fertilize so lose your mind.
Hello we haven't talked in quite some time.
I know I haven't been the best.
Of sons I've been traveling in the desert of my mind.
And I haven't found a drop.
Of life I haven't found a drop of you of water water I try desperately to run through the sand.
As I hold the water In the palm of my hand.
Cause it's all that I have and it's all that I need and.
The waves of the water mean nothing to me.
But I try my best and all that I can to.
Hold tightly onto.
What's left in my hand.
But no matter how.
How tightly I will strain.
The sand will slow me down and the water will drain.
I'm just being dramatic.
In fact I'm only at it again as an addict with a pen.
Who's addicted to the wind as it blows me back and forth.
Mindless, spineless, and pretend.
Of course I'll be here again see you tomorrow.
But it's the end of today.
End of my ways.
As a walking denial.
My trial was filed as a crazy suicidal head case.
But you specialize in dying you hear me screaming, "Father,".
And I'm lying here just crying so wash me with your water.
I don't fall slow like I used to I fall straight down.
You've stolen my air catcher that kept me safe and sound.
My parachutes will guide me.
Safely to ground but now the cord's not working.
And I see you staring me down I won't fall in.
Love with falling I will try to avoid.
Those eyes I think you would beat the moon in a pretty contest.
And the moon just happened to be the very first thing that I missed.
I was doing fine on my own.
And there wasn't much I lacked.
But you've stolen my air catcher and I don't know if I want it back.
'Cause I'm not sure I want to give you.
Tools that can destroy my heart and I just don't say.
What you want to hear so I'll write my fears.
And I don't believe In talking just to breathe.
And falling selfishly but now I'm here.
To give you words.
As tools that can destroy.
Oh, Ms. Believer, my pretty sleeper your twisted mind is like snow on the road.
Your shaking shoulders prove that it's colder.
Inside your head than the winter of dead I will tell you I love you.
But the muffs on your ears will cater your fears my nose and feet are running as we start.
To travel through snow.
Together we go we get colder.
As we grow older.
We will walk.
So much slower oh, Ms. Believer, my pretty weeper.
Your twisted thoughts are like snow on the rooftops please, take my hand, we're in foreign land.
As we travel through snow.
He wakes up early today throws on a mask that will alter his face.
Nobody knows his real name.
But now he just uses one he saw on a grave.
He pretends that he's OK.
But you should see him in bed late at night.
He's petrified take me out and finish this waste of a life everyone gather around for a show.
Watch as this man disappears as we know do me a favor and try to ignore.
As you watch him fall through a blatant trapdoor.
He thinks that faith might be dead nothing kills a man faster than his own head.
He used to see dreams at night.
But now he's just watching the backs of his eyes.
He pretends he's OK when you watch him fall through a blatant trapdoor.
'Cause nobody knows he's alive open the slits in your face and start your day.
You don't have much time to make your slits look just right.
I'm in your mind.
I'm singing I'm singing la-da la-da la-da la-da la-da la-da da look in the mirror and ask your soul if you're alright.
Put on the glitter that your soul hides behind.
You're in my mind know you were made holy.
Open up your eyes and see.
The clouds above will hold you the clouds above will sing.
Ah and in your mind you're singing la-da la-da la-da la-da la-da la-da da.
The air begins to feel a little thin.
As I start the car and then I begin.
To add the miles piled up behind me I barely feel a smile deep inside me.
And I begin to envy the headlights driving south.
I want to crack the door so I can just fall out.
But then I remember when you packed my car.
You reached in the back and buckled up your heart.
For me to drive away with.
I began to understand.
Why God died the demon sat there waiting on her porch.
It was a little dark so he held a makeshift torch.
And when my car was far out of sight.
He crept in her room and stayed there for the night and then I felt chills in my bones.
The breath I saw was not my own I knew my skin that wrapped my frame.
Wasn't made to play this game.
And then I saw Him, torch in hand.
He laid it out, what he had planned.
And then I said, I'll take the grave please, just send them all my way.
As we're waiting for the morning to begin.
But for now you told me to hold this jar and when I looked inside, I saw.
It held your heart for me to walk away with.
They said he had.
Lost his mind you should never trust the pantaloon.
And all your friends fertilize I'm never what I like.
I'm double-sided and I just can't hide I kinda like it.
When I make you cry cause I'm twisted up, I'm twisted up, inside my mind.
Down in the forest, we'll sing a chorus.
One that everybody knows hands held higher, we'll be on fire.
Singing songs that nobody wrote.
I'm standing in front of You I'm trying to be so cool.
Everything together trying to be so cool.
But I tell 'em why won't you let me go.
Do I threaten all your plans?
I'm insignificant please tell 'em you have no plans for me.
I will set my soul on fire.
What have I become?
I'll tell 'em hello, we haven't talked in quite some time.
I know I haven't been the best of sons hello, I've been traveling in the deserts of my mind.
And I haven't found a drop.
I tried desperately to run through the sand as I hold the water in the palm of my hand.
Cause it's all that I have and it's all that I need and the waves of the water mean nothing to me.
But I tried my best and all that I can to hold tightly onto what's left in my hand.
But no matter how, how tightly I will strain the sand will slow me down and the water will drain.
My trial was filed.
As a crazy suicidal head case.
You hear me screaming "Father".
We're broken we're broken people, oh we're broken people, oh, yeah.
All my friends are heathens, take it slow wait for them to ask you who you know.
Please don't make any sudden moves.
You don't know the half of the abuse.
Welcome to the room of people.
Who have rooms of people that they loved one day docked away just because we check the guns at the door.
Doesn't mean our brains will change from hand grenades you're loving on the psychopath sitting next to you.
You're loving on the murderer sitting next to you.
You'll think, "How'd I get here, sitting next to you?" but after all I've said, please don't forget.
We don't deal with outsiders very well they say newcomers have a certain smell.
You have trust issues, not to mention.
They say they can smell your intentions you're loving on the freakshow sitting next to you.
You'll have some weird people sitting next to you.
You'll think "How did I get here, sitting next to you?" please all my friends are heathens, take it slow.
Why'd you come? You knew you should have stayed I tried to warn you just to stay away.
And now they're outside ready to bust It looks like you might be one of us.
No one, no one, no one.
Can get in the way of what I'm feelin' no I won't hesitate.
No more, no more this cannot wait.
I'm sure there's no need to complicate our time is short.
This is our fate.
I'm yours all I do is win, win, win, no matter what.
got money on my mind I can never get enough.
cos every time I step up in the building everybody hands go up.
and they stay there.
up down, up down, up down cause all I do is win, win, win.
and if you goin' in put your hands in the air and they stay there.
Nobody wanna see us together but it don't matter no.
'Cause I got you.
Its the remix to ignition.
Hot and fresh out the kitchen mama rollin' that body.
got every man in here wishin' sippin' on coke and rum.
I'm like so what I'm drunk.
It's the freakin' weekend baby.
I'm about to have me some fun do do do do do do do.
If you wanna go and take a ride with me we three-wheelin' in the fo' with the gold D's.
Oh why must I feel this way?
If you wanna go and get high with me.
Smoke a L in the back of the Benz-y oh why must I feel this way.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Turn away If you could get me a drink.
Of water 'cause my lips are chapped and faded.
Call my aunt Marie help her gather all my things.
And bury me in all my favorite colors.
My sisters and my brothers still I will not kiss you.
'Cause the hardest part of this is leaving you lips are chapped and faded.
Call my kiss you 'Cause I'm awful just to see and all my hairs abandoned all my body.
All my agony.
Know that I will never marry.
Baby, I'm just soggy from the chemo.
I'm counting down the days to go this just ain't livin'.
And I just hope you know.
If you say.
Goodbye today I'll ask you to be true yes, the hardest part of this.
You split and take in every time you see A faking counterfeit.
In the mirror you appear.
To see fear and whisper this is it.
To see nothing else.
But yourself as a face.
A hollowed out space leave me with the razor.
And just in case.
I fall face down on the ground and somehow I found.
Enough strength to lift my face.
And make a sound.
And muffled though it may be and crazy it seems.
I never felt closer to you.
Just crying as you torture me It's time to say goodbye.
To the earth and now my worthless life 'Cause everything I've ever made.
Is dead now.
Inside the grave I just don't wanna be.
So many things.
And now that I see.
I just wanna sing I just wanna breathe.
I just wanna fly.
I just wanna close my eyes and take in the sun.
And take in the air.
I just wanna run and murder my care.
I wanna believe that I will be free elsewhere.
And I'm standing on a tower trying my hardest to make it.
To you but I built this tower out of mortal bricks.
They're breaking I truly will surrender.
My pretender my disguise and I'll truly start to render to your splendor.
So it's time to say goodbye.
I'm two be gone, you see rain.
Wise men say only fools rush in.
But I can't help falling in love with you shall I stay? Would it be a sin.
If I can't help falling in love with you?
Like a river flows surely to the sea.
Darling, so we go some things were meant to be.
Take my hand, take my whole life too.
'Cause I can't help falling in love with you I need something to kill me.
I am tired.
Of taking my own life all around me are familiar faces.
Worn out places, worn out faces.
Bright and early for the daily races going nowhere, going nowhere.
Their tears are filling up their glasses.
No expression, no expression.
Hide my head I wanna drown my sorrow no tomorrow, no tomorrow.
And I find it kind of funny, I find it kind of sad.
The dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had.
I find it hard to tell you, I find it hard to take.
When people run in circles, it's a very very.
Mad world coconut coconut sharks in the water coconut coconut sharks in the water, frens.
First verse, okay so what I got here is I got Chris Salih you guys remember him he used to be the drummer of twenty one pilots.
He's got a verse for ya, let's hear it out 1, 2. 1, 2, 3, 4.
Standing on stage singing with my frens.
It's great to be back up here with you guys again.
Something something something something something.
I've beenohyeah that's good let's do it again! Here we go.
I wrote it down glad to be back here on stage again.
Singing this song with all my frens It seems like I've been gone so long.
But I really haven't been gone that long um I'm glad 'cause these jackets are really lame.
You guys think that's really your ticket to fame?
I had to quit the band for other things, but that's kinda depressing.
So let's all sing!
Let's sing it again, c'mon you can do it!
Alright so this next guy, we got Mark I told you about him already.
He's uhI've had the privilege of staying up late with him and really uh get to know him.
He's a real profound guy he thinks very deeply about what he believes.
He's a really really good writer.
If you could pay attention to these words, they're so awesome they just penetrate the soul and the heart.
Here we go.
Waka baka buka doka buka noka me waka laka waka laka waka laka you.
Snowboarding in Hawaii surfing on the beach, surfing on the beach, surfing on the beach, surfing on the beach, surfing on the.
beach, surfing on the beach, Hawaii,  Hawaii this song sounds like somethingagain to the chorus.
Alright this next guy is our last round he's my other roommate.
His name is Josh.
He has nothing to do with this band at all, but I promised him that he can get up on stage.
So this is what we got.
My name is Josh and you don't know who I am.
But I live with these guys and their really stupid band but my breath fogged up the glass.
So I drew a face and I laughed.
I won't hesitate no more, no more It cannot wait.
To the chorus!
We're doing it one more time, ready?
Let's make it count thank you! we're here in Mexico City, having a good time.
We're here in Mexico City, making all these rhymes we'll eat some beans and rice and stuff and make it all so great.
We'll eat some tacos, do you have chipotle here?
We're here in Mexico city.
Making all these tunes.
We wish you were here too.
You know I can't take one more step towards you.
Cause all that's waiting is regret and don't you know I'm not your ghost anymore?
You lost the love I loved the most.
You learned to live, half-alive.
And now you want me one more time and who do you think you are?
Runnin' 'round leaving scars.
Collecting your jar of hearts.
And tearing love apart you're gonna catch a cold.
From the ice inside your soul so don't come back for me.
Who do you think you are?
I hear you're asking all around If I am anywhere to be found.
But I have grown too strong.
To ever fall back in your arms I've learned to live, half-alive.
Now you want me one more time.
Dear, it took so long just to feel alright.
Remember how to put back.
The light in my eyes.
I wish I had missed.
The first time that we kissed 'Cause you broke all your promises.
And now you're back you don't get to get me back.
Don't come back at all.
I wish I found some better sounds no one's ever heard.
I wish I had a better voice that sang some better words.
I wish I found some chords in an order that is new.
I wish I didn't have to rhyme every time I sang I was told when I get older all my fears would shrink.
But now I'm insecure and I care what people think.
My name's 'Blurryface' and I care what you think.
Wish we could turn back time, to the good ol' days.
When our momma sang us to sleep but now we're stressed out.
...now we're stressed out sometimes a certain smell will take me back to when I was young.
How come I'm never able to identify where it's coming from I'd make a candle out of it if I ever found it.
Try to sell it, never sell out of it, I'd probably only sell one It'd be to my brother, 'cause we have the same nose.
Same clothes homegrown a stone's throw from a creek we used to roam but it would remind us of when nothing really mattered.
Out of student loans and treehouse homes we all would take the latter ...my, my, my, my name's 'Blurryface' and I care what you think.
We used to play pretend, give each other different names we would build a rocket ship and then we'd fly it far away.
Used to dream of outer space but now they're laughing at our face saying, "Wake up, you need to make money.".
Yo used to play pretend, used to play pretend, bunny we used to play pretend, wake up, you need the money.
give each other different names.
I do not know why I would go.
In front of you and hide my soul 'Cause you're the only one who knows it.
Yeah, you're the only one who knows it.
And I will hide behind my pride.
Don't know why I think I could lie.
'Cause there's a screen on my chest yeah, there's a screen on my chest.
I'm standing in front of you I can't see past my own nose, I'm seeing everything in slo-mo.
Look out below crashing down to the ground just like a vertical locomotive.
That's a train. Am I painting the picture that's in my brain?
A train from the sky, locomotive, my motives are insane.
My flow's not great, OK, I conversate with people who know if I flow on a song I'll get no radio play.
While you're doing fine, there's some people and I who have a really tough time getting through this life.
So excuse us while we sing to the sky ooh-oh, ooh-oh-oh oh-ooh-oh yeah she asked me, "Son, when I grow old.
Will you buy me a house of gold?
And when your father turns to stone.
Will you take care of me?".
I will make you queen of everything you see I'll put you on the map.
I'll cure you of disease.
Let's say we up and left this town and turned our future upside down.
We'll make pretend that you and me.
Lived ever after happily ohhhh and since we know that dreams are dead.
And life turns plans up on their head.
I will plan to be a bum.
So I just might become someone.
Night falls with gravity the earth turns from sanity.
Taking my only friend I know.
He leaves a lot, his name is "Hope" I'm double-sided, and I just can't hide.
I kind of like it when I make you cry 'Cause I'm twisted up, I'm twisted up inside.
The horrors of the night melt away.
Under the warm glow of survival of the day then we move on.
My shadow grows taller, along with my fears.
And my frame shrinks smaller as night grows near when the sun is climbing window sills.
And the silver lining rides the hills.
I will be saved for one whole day until the sun makes the hills its grave.
'Cause I'm twisted up, I'm twisted up inside my mind I'm semi-automatic, my prayer's schizophrenic.
But I'll live on, yeah I'll live on, yeah I'll live on by the time the night wears off.
The dust is down and shadows burn.
I will rise and stand my ground waiting for the night's return.
I want to drive away.
In the night, headlights call my name I, I'll never be, be what you see inside.
You say I'm not alone, but I am petrified.
You say that you are close, is close the closest star?
You just feel twice as far, you just feel twice as far and I'll fall.
And I'll break.
And I'll fake.
All I wanna and I'll fall down.
And I'll break down.
And I'll fake you out.
I'm so afraid of what you have to say.
'Cause I am quiet now and silence gives you space.
I'll never be, be what you see inside It's the same game today as it always is.
I don't give you space to speak my name explaining this.
And the wrists of my mind have the bleeding lines.
That remind me of all the times.
I have committed dirty dirty crimes that are perfectly form-fitted.
To what I've done and what I'm doing I'm brewing and losing and spewing and fusing.
And believe me that's what all the kids are doing what kids are doing.
They're killing themselves.
They feel they have no control of their prisoner's cell and if you're one of them then you're one of me.
And you would do almost anything just to feel free.
Am I right? Of course I am convince me otherwise would take all night.
Before you walk away there's one more thing I want to say.
Our brains are sick but that's OK yeah, and I'll fall down.
I can't take them on my own, my own.
Pa, I'm not the one you know, you know I have killed a man and all I know.
Is I am on the run and go.
Don't wanna call you in the night time.
Don't wanna give you all my pieces.
Don't wanna hand you all my trouble don't wanna give you all my demons.
You'll have to watch me struggle.
From several rooms away.
But tonight I'll need you to stay.
Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do I am up against the wall, the wall pa, I hear them coming down the hall.
Cold nights under siege from accusations cerebral thunder in one-way conversations.
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh.
Tonight I'll need you to stay!
Am I the only one I know waging my wars behind my face and above my throat?
Shadows will scream that I'm alone.
I-I-I I've got a migraine.
And my pain will range from up, down, and sideways.
Thank God it's Friday 'Cause Fridays will always be better than Sundays.
'Cause Sundays are my suicide days.
I don't know why they always seem so dismal thunderstorms, clouds, snow, and a slight drizzle.
Whether it's the weather or the letters by my bed sometimes death seems better than the migraine in my head.
Let it be said what the headache represents It's me defending in suspense.
It's me suspended in a defenseless test.
Being tested by a ruthless examinant.
That's represented best by my depressing thoughts I do not have writer's block.
My writer just hates the clock It will not let me sleep, I'll get some sleep when I'm dead.
And sometimes death seems better than the migraine in my head.
But I know we've made it this far, kid.
I am not as fine as I seem, pardon.
Me for yelling, I'm telling you green gardens are not what's growing in my psyche, it's a different me.
A difficult to be, stop feasting lumber-down trees freeze frame please, let me paint a mental picture portrait.
Something you won't forget, it's all about my forehead.
And now it is a door that holds back contents.
That make Pandora's Box's contents look non-violent.
Behind my eyelids are islands of violence.
My mind ship-wrecked this is the only land my mind could find.
I did not know it was such a violent island.
Full of tidal waves, suicidal crazed lions.
They're trying to eat me, blood running down their chin.
And I know that I can fight or I can let the lion win.
I begin to assemble what weapons I can find.
'Cause sometimes to stay alive you gotta kill your mind and I will say that we should take a day to break away.
From all the pain our brain has made.
The game is not played alone.
And I will say that we should take a moment and hold it and keep it frozen and know that.
Life has a hopeful undertone.
We've made it this far we've made it this f.
Now, the night is coming to an end.
Oh the sun will rise, and we will try again stay alive, stay alive, for me.
You will die, but now your life is free.
Take pride In what is sure to die I will fear the night again.
I hope I'm not my only friend I wish that I had two faces to prove which theory works.
Yelling on the street corner or cleverly masking your words.
I take my face off at the door 'cause I don't know who they will take me for I wonder if I tell them what I did last night.
Whether or not I got caught, they just might.
Wage war on you, therefore it's true that I shot my general on my side of enemy lines.
I'm the son of all I've done Impostor, been fostered, then my new father drained my dirty blood.
I'm not trying to be lying to you.
But it takes a clever guy to do what I do It takes some chivalry and well placed energy.
To subliminally get yourself inside you Introspection is the name of this session.
Spread this infection, reflect it on the next one.
The next one, the next one, and when we're done.
We'll all have made something new under the sun.
I'm not done, I'm not done yet, no kick me off the stage and take my microphone.
Then you'll walk up to me and when you get close I'll look you in the face and say, "Where's your home?
Where are you going and why are you here?".
Have you asked these questions? Have you been sincere?
Want to know what I believe? It's right here dig a little deeper and it's crystal clear, clear, clear.
I will tell you what I can.
But your mind will take a stand.
I sing of a greater love.
Let me know when you've had enough I know where you stand.
Silent in the trees.
And that's where I am why won't you speak.
Where I happen to be?
Standing cowardly I can feel your breath.
I can feel my death.
I want to know you I want to see.
I want to say hello.
Hello. Hello-oh-o. Hello na na, na na na nah na na.
Hello, hello I know what you think in the morning when the sun shines on the ground.
And shows what you have done.
It shows where your mind has gone.
And you swear to your parents that it will never happen again.
I know, I know what that means, I know.
That you all have guns and you never put the safety on.
And you all have plans.
To take it, to take it.
Don't take it, take it, take it I'm trying, I'm trying to sleep.
But I can't, but I can't.
When you all have guns for hands, yeah let's take this a second at a time.
Let's take this one song, this one rhyme together, let's breathe.
Together, to the beat.
But there's hope out the window.
So that's where we'll go.
Let's go outside and all join hands.
But until then you'll never understand.
We've turned our hands to guns, trade in our thumbs for ammunition.
I must forewarn you of my disorder, or my condition 'Cause when the sun sets, it upsets what's left of my invested interest.
Interested in putting my fingers to my head.
The solution is, I see a whole room of these mutant kids.
Fused at the wrist, I simply tell them they should shoot at this.
Simply suggest my chest and this confused music It's obviously best for them to turn their guns to a fist.
When you all have  guns for hands, yeah.
I don't know why I feed on emotion there's a stomach inside my brain.
I don't wanna be heard I wanna be listened to.
Does it bother anyone else.
That someone else has your name?
That someone else has your name, your name?
I scream, you scream, we all scream 'Cause we're terrified of what's around the corner.
We stay in place.
'Cause we don't wanna lose our lives.
So let's think of something better down in the forest.
We'll sing a chorus.
Hands held higher.
We'll be on fire.
My brain has given up white flags are hoisted.
I took some food for thought.
It might be poisoned the stomach in my brain.
Throws up onto the page quickly moving towards the storm.
Moving forward, torn Into pieces over reasons.
Of what these storms are for I don't understand why everything I adore.
Takes a different form when I squint my eyes.
Have you ever done that?
When you squint your eyes.
And your eyelashes make it look a little not right.
And then when just enough light.
Comes from just the right side and you find you're not who you're supposed to be?
This is not what you're supposed to see.
Please, remember me. I am supposed to be king of a kingdom or swinging on a swing.
Something happened to my imagination.
The situation's becoming dire.
My tree house is on fire.
And for some reason I smell gas on my hands.
This is not what I had planned.
You will never know what's behind my skull so won't you say good night, so I can say goodbye.
You will never know what's under my hair you will never know what's under my skin.
You will never know what is in my veins.
Won't you go to someone else's dreams?
Won't you go to someone else's head?
Haven't you taken enough from me?
Won't you torture someone else's sleep?
And you will never know what I'm thinking of.
And you will never understand what I believe so won't you say goodnight, so I can say goodbye.
I start to part two halves of my heart.
In the dark and I.
Don't know where I should go.
And the tears and the fears.
Begin to multiply taking time in a simple place.
In my bed where my head.
Rests on a pillowcase and it's said.
That a war's led.
But I forget.
That I let another day go by.
I wanna be afraid but it seems.
That these days I'm caught under water and I'm falling farther.
My heart's getting harder.
I'm calling my father.
Am I screaming to an empty sky?
Empty sky, no way, that's me.
'Cause one half of my heart is free.
'Cause the other half of my heart's asleep we all are stranger creatures than when we all started out as kids.
Culture forbids we have romantic fantasies about what dying truly is fall off the grid.
We live for the night's decor It reveals what we dream of.
I know there's someone at the door they called for help, of this I'm sure.
But do I want to say goodbye to all the glowing eyes.
I'm holding on to what I know and what I know, I must let go.
But I would rather play a song for the eyes to sing along.
The eyes to sing along, long, long we all know somebody who knows somebody who's doing great.
I know some people who know people who are flying straight.
But I'll kindly enter into rooms of depression while ceiling fans and idle hands will take my life again.
This room is far too dark for us to stay around.
Redemption's not that far and darkness is going down make them stop.
I wake up fine and dandy but then by the time I find it handy.
To rip my heart apart and start planning my crash landing I go up, up, up, up, up to the ceiling.
Then I feel my soul start leaving, like an old man's hair receding.
I'm pleading please, oh please on my knees repeatedly asking why it's got to be like this. Is this living free?
I don't want to be the one, be the one who has the sun's blood on my hands.
I'll tell the moon, take this weapon forged in darkness.
Some see a pen, I see a harpoon.
I'll stay awake 'Cause the dark's not taking prisoners tonight.
Why am I not scared in the morning?
I don't hear those voices calling I must have kicked them out, I must have kicked them out.
I swear I heard demons yelling those crazy words they were spelling.
They told me I was gone, they told me I was gone.
But I'll tell them why won't you let me go?
Please tell them you have no plans for me I will set my soul on fire, what have I become?
I'll tell them on the eve of a day that's forgotten and fake.
And the trees they await and clouds anticipate.
The start of a day when we put on our face.
A mask that portrays that we don't need grace on the eve of a day that is bigger than us.
But we open our eyes 'cause we're told that we must.
And the trees wave their arms and the clouds try to plead desperately yelling there's something we need.
I'm not free, I asked forgiveness three times same amount that I denied, I three-time MVP'd this crime.
I'm afraid to tell you who I adore, won't tell you who I'm singing towards.
Metaphorically I'm a whore, and that's denial number four.
Please tell them, you have no plans for me I'll tell them, you have no plans for me.
I'm sorry hey, hey, wouldn't it be great, great.
If we could just lay down and wake up in Slowtown.
Today, day, I want to go away, way 'Cause things are too fast now.
I want to be in Slowtown I put my socks on my feet.
Just so that my soul won't fall through my toes and I walk through my door.
Just so I don't fall through the floor I remember when my brother and other kids from neighboring houses.
Would get together, I'd ride my bike and my brother would ride his.
Put cards in our spokes and make our engine sound like traffic when using Pokmon cards, please do not use the holographics.
So bold and fearless in the risks we take laugh in the face of gravity as its laws we'd break.
On trampolines so high, we reach for the sky, but I do not look up anymore and I don't know why.
We're going too fast, fast, save us.
We're going too fast, fast, save us now.
I walk through my door just singing ruby, I hope I see you, I've waited all this week.
For you to walk my way, your soul will capture me your mama painted your room, "A shade of pink," she said.
But with your great arrival that shade has turned to red.
Ruby, take my hand, please lead me to the Promised Land tell me where am I from? Your eyes say, "Shada de da dum.".
Ruby, you're royalty in your home land, they all call you "Queen".
Tell me, where are you from? Your eyes say, "Shada de da dum." you're an angel fallen down. Won't you tell us of the clouds?
You have fallen from the sky. How high? How high?
You're true and pure you hold the cure.
We're all diseased.
You hold the key you have fallen from the sky. How high? How high? How high?
Tell our dad I'm sorry you're an angel.
You say things with your mouth cobwebs and flies come out.
I hear a second voice behind your tongue somehow luckily I can read your mind.
Flies and cobwebs unwind they will not take you down.
They will not cast you out, out.
Dear friend, here we are again pretending to understand how you think your world is ending.
Sending signals and red flags in waves It's hard to tell the difference between blood and water these days.
I'll pray that one day you see.
The only difference between life and dying.
Is one is trying, that's all we're gonna do.
So try to love me and I'll try to save you.
Won't you stay alive I'll take you on a ride.
I will make you believe you are lovely your redemption won't grow stale.
We are now just setting sail on the seas of what we fear.
Treason now is growing near to me.
I'm coming clean.
God, hit me straight on.
Luckily, I can read your mind don't be gone.
I ponder of something great my lungs will fill and then deflate.
They fill with fire exhale desire I know it's dire.
My time today I have these thoughts.
So often I ought.
To replace that slot.
With what I once bought.
'Cause somebody stole.
My car radio and now I just sit in silence.
Sometimes quiet is violent I find it hard to hide it.
My pride is no longer inside.
It's on my sleeve my skin will scream.
Reminding me of who I killed inside my dream.
I hate this car that I'm driving.
There's no hiding for me.
I'm forced to deal with what I feel.
There is no distraction to mask what is real I could pull the steering wheel.
I ponder of something terrifying.
'Cause this time there's no sound to hide behind I find over the course of our human existence.
One thing consists of consistence and it's that we're all battling fear.
Oh dear, I don't know if we know why we're here oh my too deep please stop thinking.
I liked it better when my car had sound.
There are things we can do but from the things that work there are only two.
And from the two that we choose to do peace will win.
And fear will lose there's faith and there's sleep.
We need to pick one please because.
Faith is to be awake.
And to be awake is for us to think.
And for us to think is to be alive and I will try with every rhyme.
To come across like I am dying to let you know you need to try to think.
And now I just sit.
Where'd you go, huh?
They all think I know you It's so hard to motivate.
Me to devote a.
Single inch of me to.
Something I can't see I don't mean to pry but why.
Would you even make the eyes?
I don't believe my ears.
And I'm scared of my own head I will deny you for years.
And I'll make you raise me from the dead.
And if I said that I would live for you.
For nothing in return well, I'm sorry Mr. Gullible.
But lying's all I've learned.
So be concerned no music and I could talk about anything.
Whether or not it's worthwhile It's based on who's listening.
Most of us listen If it's something we can relate to.
All of us relate If it's something we've just been through.
Take it for granted trust is damaged and now we panic.
Living empty-handed living lives like we can't manage, I can't feel you but still know where home is feeling like Jonah did.
Almost dropped the bat like every base was fully loaded you should oK alright I am disappearing.
Inside my bird's eye theories I try to say goodbye, defy, and deny.
What it is I'm fearing.
Clearly I am dying, dearly I am writing merely testifying that a test to fly requires I pass the test with colors flying.
I don't believe you most of the time.
I'm lying 'cause I say I am fine.
You are the pearl, I am the swine so break my life and take this rhyme.
I'm so sorry but I do believe that all my bridges I have burned.
And I've earned a policy of no return.
I'm taking over my body back in control, no more shotty.
I bet a lot of me was lost ts uncrossed and Is undotted.
I fought it a lot and it seems a lot like flesh is all I got.
Not anymore, flesh out the door.
Swat I must've forgot, you can't trust me I'm open a moment and close when you show it.
Before you know it, I'm lost at sea.
And now that I write and think about it and the story unfolds.
You should take my life you should take my soul.
You are surrounding all my surroundings.
Sounding down the mountain range of my left-side brain twisting the kaleidoscope behind both of my eyes.
And I'll be holding on to you remember the moment.
You know exactly where you're going 'Cause the next moment.
Before you know it, time is slowing and it's frozen still.
And the window sill looks really nice, right?
You think twice about your life It probably happens at night.
Right? fight it take the pain, ignite it.
Tie a noose around your mind loose enough to breathe fine and tie it.
To a tree. Tell it, "You belong to me this ain't a noose, this is a leash.
And I have news for you you must obey me.".
Entertain my faith lean with it, rock with it.
When we gonna stop with it lyrics that mean nothing.
We were gifted with thought Is it time to move our feet.
To an introspective beat It ain't the speakers that bump hearts.
It's our hearts that make the beat nobody thinks what I think.
Nobody dreams when they blink think things on the brink of blasphemy.
I'm my own shrink think things are after me, my catastrophe.
At my kitchen sink.
You don't know what that means because a kitchen sink to you.
Is not a kitchen sink to me, OK friend?
Are you searching for purpose?
Then write something, yeah it might be worthless then paint something then, it might be wordless.
Pointless curses, nonsense verses you'll see purpose start to surface.
No one else is dealing with your demons meaning maybe defeating them.
Could be the beginning of your meaning, friend go away leave me alone.
Nobody thinks what you think, no one.
Empathy might be on the brink of extinction.
They will play a game and say.
They know what you're going through and I tried to come up with an artistic way to say.
They don't know you, and neither do I so here's a prime example of a stand up guy.
Who hates what he believes and loves it at the same time here's my brother and his head's screwed up.
But that's alright.
Time gains momentum the moment when I'm living in 'em I'm winning a momentary sinning a moment passing after.
A re-beginning moments mending memories pretending enemies are frenemies, sending me straight to bending me.
My bad behaviour but I bet I could have been a better man.
Copy and paste caught me, and copy, better rhymes bother me the better the rhythm the badder I am but I bet I'll battle with 'em battle.
Better I am, gambling man, better bet I am a gambling man, I am?
Don't leave me alone sippin' on straight chlorine, let the vibe slide over me.
This beat is a chemical, beat is a chemical when I leave don't save my seat, I'll be back when it's all complete.
The moment is medical, moment is medical.
Sippin' on straight chlorine.
Lovin' what I'm tastin'.
Venom on my tongue.
Dependent at times poisonous vibration help my body run.
I'm runnin' for my li-i-i-i-i-i-fe runnin' for my li-i-i-i-i-i-fe.
Fall out of formation.
I plan my escape from walls they confined rebel red carnation.
Grows while I decay.
Yeah, I'm runnin' for my li-i-i-i-i-i-fe hide you in my coat pocket, where I kept my rebel red.
I felt I was invincible, you wrapped around my head.
Now different lives I lead, my body lives on lead.
The last two lines may read incorrect until said.
The lead is terrible in flavor.
But now you double as a papermaker I despise you sometimes.
I love to hate the fight and you in my life is like beat is a chemical, yeah.
Moment is medical, yeah.
I'm so sorry, I forgot you let me catch you up to speed.
I've been tested like the end of.
A weathered flag that's by the sea can you build my house with pieces?
I'm just a chemical I'll keep on trying.
Might as well If you decide.
All is well.
Though I am bruised face of contusions.
Know I'll keep moving.
Rust around the rim.
Drink it anyway.
I cut my lip.
Isn't what I want blood is on my tongue.
I keep on going back even though it's me I abuse.
I'll keep on going back.
Even oh, oh oh, oh, yeah I don't mind at all.
Lean on my pride.
I'm a lion sometimes I feel cold, even paralyzed.
My interior world needs to sanitize I've got to step through or I'll dissipate.
I'll record my step through for my basement tapes.
Nice to know my kind will be on my side I don't believe the hype.
And you know you're a terrible sight.
But you'll be just fine just don't believe the hype.
Yeah, they might be talking behind your head.
Your exterior world can step off instead It might take some friends and a warmer shirt.
But you don't get thick skin without getting burnt.
No, I don't know which way I'm going but I can hear my way around.
Oh, I know how to levitate up off my feet and ever since the seventh grade I learned to fire-breathe.
And though I feed on things that fell.
You can learn to levitate with just a little help learn to levitate with just a little help.
Come down, come down cowards only come through when the hour's late.
And everyone's asleep, mind you now show up, show up.
I know I shouldn't say this.
But a curse from you is all that I would need right now, man danger in the fabric of this thing I made.
I probably shouldn't show you, but it's way too late my heart is with you hiding, but my mind's not made.
Now they know it like we both knew for some time I'd say they're smirking at fresh blood, they're circling above.
But this is not enough yeah, this is not what you thought.
No, no we are not just graffiti on a passing train I got back what I once bought back.
In that slot I won't need to replace.
This culture is a poacher of overexposure, not today don't feed me to the vultures.
I am a vulture who feeds on pain sleep in a well-lit room, don't let the shadow through.
And sever all I knew, yeah, sever all.
I thought I could depend on my weekends on the freezing ground that I'm sleeping on.
Please, keep me from please, keep me down from the ledges better test it, wooden wedges under doorways.
Keep your wooden wedges under doors chorus, verse, chorus, verse.
Now here comes the eight.
Wait, habits here too you're the worst, your structure compensates.
But compensation feels a lot like rising up to dominate by track two.
At least they all know all they hear comes from a place.
You can levitate with just a little help welcome to Trench.
Can't stop thinking about if and when I'll die.
For now I see that "if" and "when" are truly different cries.
For "if" is purely panic and "when" is solemn sorrow and one invades today while the other spies tomorrow.
We're surrounded and we're hounded there's no "above", or "under", or "around" it.
For "above" is blind belief and "under" is sword to sleeve.
And "around" is scientific miracle, let's pick "above" and see for if and when we go "above", the question still remains.
Are we still in love and is it possible we feel the same?
And that's when going "under" starts to take my wonder but until that time, I'll try to sing this.
If I keep moving, they won't know I'll morph to someone else.
What they throw at me's too slow.
I'm just a ghost.
Defense mechanism mode.
He'll always try to stop me, that Nicholas Bourbaki.
He's got no friends close but those who know him most know he goes by Nico, he told me I'm a copy.
When I'd hear him mock me that's almost stopped me well, we're surrounded and we're hounded.
There's no above or a secret door. What are we here for.
If not to run straight through all our tormentors?
But until that time I'll try and sing this lights they blink to me, transmitting things to me.
Ones and zeroes, ergo this symphony.
Anybody listening? Ones and zeroes.
Count to infinity, ones and zeroes.
I'm surrounded and I'm hounded.
But until that time.
Not done, not done, not done josh Dun when everyone you thought you knew.
Deserts your fight, I'll go with you.
You're facin' down a dark hall.
I'll grab my light and go with you.
I'll go with you, I'll go with you I'll go with you.
Surrounded and up against a wall.
I'll shred 'em all and go with you when choices end, you must defend.
I'll grab my bat and go with you.
I'll go with you, yeah stay with me, no, you don't need to run.
Stay with me, my blood, you don't need to run If there comes a day.
People posted up at the end of your driveway.
They're callin' for your head and they're callin' for your name I'll bomb down on 'em, I'm comin' through.
Do they know I was grown with you?
If they're here to smoke, know I'll go with you.
Just keep it outside, keep it outside, yeah you don't need to run, you don't need to run.
If you find yourself in a lion's den.
I'll jump right in and pull my pin.
And go with you.
My blood, I'll go with you, yeah.
Stay with me, my blood.
You were one of those classic ones traveling around this sun.
I wish she knew you now everybody knows.
You were one of those classic ones, yeah you're a legend in my own mind.
My middle name.
My goodbye you were here when I wrote this but the masters and mixes.
Will take too long to finish to show you.
I'm sorry I did not visit.
Did not know how to take it.
When your eyes did not know me like I know you.
Then the day that it happened I recorded this last bit.
I look forward to having A lunch with you again.
I'm tired of tending to this fire.
I've used up all I've collected I have singed my hands.
It's glowing embers barely showing.
Proof of life in the shadows.
Dancing on my plans they know that it's almost.
They know that it's almost over the burning Is so low it's concerning.
'Cause they know that when it goes out It's a glorious gone.
It's only time before they show me why no one ever comes back.
With details from beyond they know In time, I will leave the city.
For now, I will stay alive last year I needed change of pace.
Couldn't take the pace of change moving hastily but this year.
Though I'm far from home.
In TRENCH I'm not alone these faces facing me.
What I mean you know I've always been collected, calm and chill.
And you know.
I never look for conflict for the thrill.
But if Im feeling.
Someone stepping towards you, can't describe just what I'm feeling.
For you, Id go step to a dude much bigger than me.
For you, I know.
I would get messed up, weigh 153.
For you I would get beat to smithereens.
I'll be in the corner taking notes.
I got your six while you're working votes but if I'm feeling.
For you, I'd go I would get beat to.
You know I had to do one.
On the record for you you know I had to do one on the record for her like this.
You know I had to do one on the record for her I'm feeling someone stepping towards you, cant describe.
Just what Im feeling.
Write a slick song just to show you the world.
They think its messed up to sell out for your girl.
East is up, I'm fearless when I hear this on the low.
East is up, I'm careless when I wear my rebel clothes east is up, when Bishops come together they will know that.
Dema don't control us, dema don't control.
East is up.
They want to make you forget.
Save your razorblades now, not yet I'm heavy, my jumpsuit is on steady.
I'm lighter when I'm lower, I'm higher when I'm heavy, oh.
I'm so high, my jumpsuit takes me so high I'm flying from a fire, from Nico and the Niners, oh.
Dema don't control us, Dema don't control.
I'm heavy, jumpsuit is on steady lighter when I'm lower, higher when I'm heavy, oh.
I'm so high, I'm so high.
So high, I'm so high.
Fire, Nico and the Niners what I say when I want to be enough.
What a beautiful day for making a break for it.
We'll find a way to pay for it.
Maybe from all the money we made razorblade stores.
Rent a race horse and force a sponsor.
And start a concert, a complete diversion start a mob and you can be quite certain.
We'll win but not everyone will get out.
No, no I'm so high, so high.
Cover me I can't believe how much I hate pressures of a new place roll my way.
Jumpsuit, jumpsuit cover me I crumble underneath the weight.
Spirits in my room, friend or foe?
Felt it in my youth, feel it when I'm old jumpsuit, jumpsuit dusting off my.
I'll be right there but you'll have to grab my throat and lift me in the air.
If you need anyone I'll stop my plans.
But you'll have to tie me down and then break both my hands.
Oh, jumpsuit, jumpsuit cover me I could take the high road.
But I know that I'm going low.
I'm a ban-I'm a bandito.
This is the sound we make when in between two places.
Where we used to bleed and where our blood needs to be.
In city, I feel my spirit is contained.
Like neon inside the glass, they form my brain.
But I recently discovered.
It's a heatless fire.
Like nicknames they give themselves to uninspire begin with bullet, now add fire to the proof.
But I'm still not sure if fear's a rival or a close relative to truth either way it helps to hear these words bounce off of you.
The softest echo could be enough for me to make it through.
I created this world.
To feel some control.
Destroy it if I want so I sing.
What's my problem?
Well, I want you to follow me down to the bottom.
Underneath the insane asylum keep your wits about you while you got 'em.
'Cause your wits are first to go while you're problem-solving.
And my problem?
We glorify those, even more, when they my opinion our culture can treat a loss.
Like it's a win and right before we turn on them we give them the highest of praise, and hang their banner from a ceiling.
Communicating, further engraving.
An earlier grave is an optional way.
No neon gravestones try to call.
Neon gravestones try to call for my bones call call, call, call.
Don't get it twisted It's with the people we praise who may have assisted.
I could use the streams and extra conversations I could give up, and boost up my reputation.
I could go out with a bang.
They would know my name.
They would host and post a celebration.
My opinion will not be lenient my opinion, it's real convenient.
Our words are loud, but now I'm talking action.
We don't get enough love?
Well, they get a fraction.
They say, "How could he go if he's got everything?".
I'll mourn for a kid, but won't cry for a king promise me this.
If I lose to myself.
You won't mourn a day and you'll move onto someone else.
But they won't get them no, they won't get them.
They won't get them don't get me wrong.
The rise in awareness Is beating a stigma that no longer scares us.
But for sake of discussion In spirit of fairness.
Could we give this some room for a new point of view?
And, could it be true that some could be tempted to use this mistake as a form of aggression?
A form of succession?
A form of a weapon?
Thinking "I'll teach them" well, I'm refusing the lesson.
It won't resonate in our minds I'm not disrespecting what was left behind.
Just pleading that "it" does not get glorified maybe we swap out what it is that we hold so high.
Find your grandparents or someone of age.
Pay some respects for the path that they paved to life, they were dedicated.
Now, that should be celebrated I am on an island, no one to confide.
Eight days straight, eight hours each and not one line.
I can feel pressure start to possess my mind so, I'll take this beat I should delete to exercise.
No, I move slow.
I want to stop time I'll sit here 'til I find the problem.
I've got a pet cheetah down in my basement.
I've raised him, and bathed him and named him Jason Statham.
I've trained him to make me these beats.
Now my pet cheetah's quicker in the studio than on his feet.
I'ma get mine and get going.
I'm showing my faces in just enough places.
I'm done with tip-toeing, I'll stay in my room my house is the one where the vultures are perched on the roof.
Get behind me, I bet this nepotistic mindset will help us get ours as we're growing.
This clique means so much to this dude It could make him afraid of his music.
And be scared to death he could lose it I'll sit here 'til I.
So I'll take this beat I should delete to exercise pet cheetah, cheetah.
I don't know why, I just feel I'm better off.
Staying in the same room I was born in.
I look outside, and see a whole world better off.
Without me in it trying to transform it you are out of my mind, you aren't seeing my side.
You waste all this time trying to get to me but you are out of my mind.
Listen, I know this one's a contradiction because of how happy it sounds.
But the lyrics are so down.
It's OK though, because it represents, wait better yet, it is who I feel I am right now.
Heard you say, "Not today.".
Tore the curtains down, windows open now, make a sound heard your voice, "There's no choice.".
Tore the curtains down, windows open now, make a noise don't you test me though, just because I play the piano.
Doesn't mean I am not willing to take you down, I'm sorry.
I'm, I'm out of my mind, I'm not seeing things right I waste all this time trying to run from you.
But I'm, I'm out of my mind buh buh bah, buh buh bah.
Bah bah bah bah bah, bah bah bah bah bah.
Buh buh bah, not today.
Bah bah bah bah bah , bah bah bah bah bah ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
Scared of my own image, scared of my own immaturity scared of my own ceiling, scared I'll die of uncertainty.
Fear might be the death of me, fear leads to anxiety don't know what's inside of me.
Don't forget about me.
Even when I doubt you.
I'm no good without you, no, no temperature is dropping, temperature is dropping.
I'm not sure if I can see this ever stopping shaking hands with the dark parts of my thoughts, no.
You are all that I've got, no.
I'm no good without you, no, no, no, no, no.
Gnawing on the bishops, claw our way up their system.
Repeating simple phrases, someone holy insisted.
I want the markings made on my skin.
To mean something to me again.
Hope you haven't left without me.
Hope you haven't left without me, please.
I'm no good without you, no, no, no, no hey! Hey! don't forget about me, no.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
We don't believe what's on TV because it's what we want to see.
And what we want, we know we can't believe.
We have all learned to kill our dreams I need to know that when I fail you'll still be here.
'Cause if you stick around I'll sing you pretty sounds and we'll make money selling your hair.
I don't care what's in your hair I just wanna know what's on your mind.
I used to say, "I wanna die before I'm old," but because of you I might think twice.
Alright. Second verse what if my dream does not happen?
Would I just change what I've told my friends?
Don't wanna know who I would be when I wake up from a dreamer's sleep.
But I don't care what's in your hair na na na na, oh oh.
When the leader of the bad guys sang something soft and soaked in pain.
I heard the echo from his secret hideaway he must've forgot to close his door.
As he cranked out those dismal chords.
And his four walls declared him insane.
I found my way right time, wrong place.
As I pled my case you're the judge, oh no, set me free.
I know my soul's freezing hell's hot for good reason, so please, take me.
Three lights are lit but the fourth one's out I can tell 'cause it's a bit darker than the last night's bout.
I forgot about the drought of light bulbs in this house.
So I head out, down a route I think is heading south but I'm not good with directions and I hide behind my mouth.
I'm a pro at imperfections and I'm best friends with my doubt.
And now that my mind's out, and now I hear it clear and loud.
I'm thinking, "Wow, I probably shoulda stayed inside my house.".
Hell's hot for good reason, so please I don't know if this song is a surrender or a revel.
I don't know if this one is about me or the devil.
You're the judge, oh no, set me free, oh no wish we could turn back time, to the good old days.
Wish we could turn back time , to the good old days we're stressed out.
Out of student loans and tree-house homes we all would take the latter my shadow tilts its head at me.
Spirits in the dark are waiting I will let the wind go quietly.
Be the one, be the one.
To take my soul and make it undone to take me home and show me the sun.
I know, I know you can bring the fire, I can bring the bones.
You'll make the fire, my bones will make it grow.
Where we're from, there's no sun our hometown's in the dark.
Where we're from, we're no one.
Put away, put away.
All the gods your father served today your traditions, believe me when I say.
We don't know, we don't know how to put back the power in our soul.
Where to find what once was in our bones.
There's an infestation in my mind's imagination.
I hope that they choke on smoke 'cause I'm smoking them out the basement.
This is not rap, this is not hip-hop just another attempt to make the voices stop.
Rapping to prove nothing, just writing to say something 'Cause I wasn't the only one who wasn't rushing to say nothing.
This doesn't mean I lost my dream It's just right now I got a really crazy mind to clean.
Gangsters don't cry.
Therefore, therefore I'm mr. Misty-eyed, therefore I'm.
Can you save, can you save my.
Can you save my heavydirtysoul?
For me, for me, uh.
Nah, I didn't understand a thing you said.
If I didn't know better I'd guess you're all already dead mindless zombies walking around with a limp and a hunch.
Saying stuff like, "You only live once." you've got one time to figure it out.
One time to twist and one time to shout one time to think and I say we start now.
Sing it with me if you know what I'm talking about.
Death inspires me like a dog inspires a rabbit.
Can you save, can you save mysave my I'm a goner, somebody catch my breath.
I want to be known by you.
Though I'm weak and beaten down.
I'll slip away into this sound.
The ghost of you is close to me I'm inside-out, you're underneath.
I've got two faces, blurry's the one I'm not I need your help to take him out.
Don't let me be gone.
Don't let me be they say, "Stay in your lane, boy, lane boy,".
But we go where we want to.
They think this thing is a highway, highway but will they be alive tomorrow?
They think this thing is a highway.
If it was our way.
We'd have a tempo change every other time change.
'Cause our minds change on what we think is good I wasn't raised in the hood.
But I know a thing or two about pain and darkness.
If it wasn't for this music, I don't know how I would've fought this regardless all these songs I'm hearing are so heartless.
Don't trust a perfect person and don't trust a song that's flawless.
Honest there's a few songs on this record that feel common I'm in constant confrontation with what I want and what is poppin'.
In the industry It seems to me.
That singles on the radio are currency my creativity's only free when I'm playin' shows.
Will they be alive tomorrow?
I'm sorry if that question I asked last scared you a bit like a hazmat.
In a gas mask If you ask Zack.
He's my brother, he likes when I rap fast.
But let's back track.
Back to this who would you live and die for on that list?
But the problem is there's another list that exists and no one really wants to think about this.
Forget sanity forget salary forget vanity my morality If you get in between someone I love and me you're gonna feel the heat of my cavalry.
I just wanna stay in the sun where I find.
I know it's hard sometimes pieces of peace in the sun's peace of mind.
Yeah, I think about the end just way too much.
But it's fun to fantasize on my enemies who wouldn't wish who I was.
Oh, oh, I'm falling, so I'm taking my time on my ride.
Oh, I'm falling, so I'm taking my time on my ride.
Taking my time on my ride "I'd die for you," that's easy to say.
We have a list of people that we would take A bullet for them, a bullet for you.
A bullet for everybody in this room.
But I don't seem to see many bullets coming through.
See many bullets coming through metaphorically, I'm the man.
But literally, I don't know what I'd do.
"I'd live for you," and that's hard to do even harder to say when you know it's not true.
Even harder to write when you know that tonight there were people back home who tried talking to you.
But then you ignored them still all these questions they're for real.
Like "Who would you live for?" "Who would you die for?".
And "Would you ever kill?" I've been thinking too much.
Oh, I'm falling, so I'm taking my time.
Oh, I'm falling, so I'm taking my time on my.
Help me I'm fairly local, I've been around.
I've seen the streets, you're walking down.
I'm fairly local, good people now.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I'm evil to the core what I shouldn't do I will.
They say I'm emotional.
What I wanna save I'll kill Is that who I truly am?
I truly don't have a chance.
Tomorrow I'll keep a beat and repeat yesterday's dance.
Yo, this song will never be on the radio even if my clique were to pick and the people were to vote.
It's the few, the proud, and the emotional.
Yo, you, bulletproof in black like a funeral.
The world around us is burning but we're so cold.
I'm not evil to the core what I shouldn't do I will fight.
I know I'm emotional what I wanna save I will try.
I know who I truly am I truly do have a chance.
Tomorrow I'll switch the beat to avoid yesterday's dance.
Good people now.
Help me polarize, help me polarize.
Help me down.
Those stairs is where I'll be hiding all my problems help me out.
My friends and I, we've got a lot of problems you know where I'm coming.
From though I am running.
To you, all I feel is deny, deny, denial I wanted to be a better brother, better son.
Wanted to be a better adversary to the evil I have done I have none to show to the one I love.
But deny, deny, denial polarize is taking your disguises.
Separating them, splitting them up from wrong and right.
It's deciding where to die and deciding where to fight deny, deny, denial.
We have problems.
Domingo en fuego, I think I lost my halo I don't know where you are.
You'll have to come and find me, find me.
My friends and I have problems sometimes you've got to bleed to know.
That you're alive and have a soul but it takes someone to come around to show you how.
She's the tear in my heart, I'm alive she's the tear in my heart, I'm on fire.
She's the tear in my heart, Take me higher.
Than I've ever been.
The songs on the radio are ok.
But my taste in music is your face and it takes a song to come around to show you how.
You fell asleep in my car, I drove the whole time but that's ok, I'll just avoid the holes so you sleep fine.
I'm driving here I sit, cursing my government.
For not using my taxes to fill holes with more cement my heart is my armor.
She's the tear in my heart, she's a carver she's a butcher with a smile, cut me farther.
Eh! Eh! Eh! Eh!
No no no no no no yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
A loser hides behind a mask of my disguise and who I am today is worse than other times.
You don't know what I've done, I'm wanted and on the run.
I'm wanted and on the run.
So I'm taking this moment to live in the future.
Release me from the present I'm obsessing all these questions.
Why I'm in denial that they tried the suicidal session please use discretion when you're messing with the message, man.
These lyrics aren't for everyone, only few understand you don't know my brain the way you know my name.
You don't know my heart the way you know my face.
My people singing.
Hope you're dead 'Cause how could you sleep at a time like this.
People, they rhyme like this.
We're all impressed by this they rip it, flip it.
But these are just triplets.
Wrote this in three minutes, three words to a line.
It's just poetry divided.
I'm the kind of guy.
Who takes every moment he knows he confided in music to use it.
For others to use it.
You're dead life is up here, but you comment below.
And the comments will always become common motivation to promote your show's next episode.
So your brain knows to keep going even though hope is far from this moment.
But you and I know it gets better when morning finally rears its head together we're losers.
Remember the future remember the morning is when night is dead.
